The market's moving more on headlines
than it is actually on data.
>> You can't underweight tech. You still
have to be where growth resides. The
tech AI spending is the juggernaut
that's empowering this market higher.
The next 12 months, we see a broad
rotation out into everything else.
>> There's some concern right here where we
are, but people want to be invested in
this market. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and Ann Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance. Big tech looking to build
on record highs as tariffs and plenty of
exemptions come into focus. More Fed
officials, meanwhile, voicing concern
about the labor market ahead of the
latest read on jobless claims with Trump
planning to nominate a temporary member
to fill the open Fed governor's seat. in
the US saying that a meeting with Russia
and Ukraine may take place within the
next few days. We have to start with a
new round of tariffs as we look to the
reciprocal tariffs going into effect. A
whole host of new tariffs being
announced. This is the beginning of a
new world order, Amory, or is this the
beginning of a new round of
negotiations? Well, it depends on the
country. For some countries, is the
beginning of a new world order? And I'm
thinking of the United Kingdom, the
European Union, Japan, they actually
struck deals with the United States. for
other countries like Switzerland which
right now is holding an emergency
meeting with the president who was in
the United States was in Washington DC
only met with Secretary Rubio that
cabinet is meeting on emergency response
to 39% rate the highest in terms of
developed countries that trade with the
United States and India they have a 25%
tariff they're also facing an extra 25%
because Donald Trump is trying to make
it a point the fact that a punitive
point that they are still importing
Russian oil and fast, but there's an
asterisk to that one that doesn't happen
for the next 21 days. So potentially
it's giving time for trade talks.
>> It's good that you mentioned and it's
it's the right call to mention the
different countries and what exactly the
different motivations are. It seems like
some of these particular tariff rates
are incentives to get some sort of
leverage over investment in the US or
geopolitical rearrangement, not
necessarily a reordering of trade. And
I'm thinking not only of what's going on
with India but also the 100% tariffs on
semiconductors sounds big. You saw
yesterday some of the semis not not just
the semis but also the tech companies
reached new record highs. Apple surging
more than 5% its biggest one-day return
going back to May because they are
exempt. How much is this really the p
the path of travel? Exactly. There's
shock and awe coming from the oval
office and then you look at the fine
print and you hear from some of these
companies. TSMC today is coming out and
they are saying or the minister in
charge of the National Development
Council is coming out and saying TSM is
exempted from the chip tariffs because
it has set up plants in the United
States. So that's pretty much almost
everyone. There's also questions whether
these are actual just semiconductors or
products that have semiconductors in
them. But most of those products like
Apple yesterday, Tim Cook with the
president yesterday adding more billions
of dollars into the United States in
investment. They are basically saying
okay this is our carveout. This is our
exemption. Meanwhile, there's a question
about the economic ramifications with
some people still saying you are going
to see the economic pain filter through
pointing to the labor market report on
Friday. We do get a new round of jobless
claims today at 8:30 a.m. about 2 and
1/2 hours Eastern time. We do hear more
Fed officials nodding to the potential,
Emory, of cutting rates in the near
future.
>> Yeah, that that chorus is getting a lot
bigger and a lot louder right now. So,
you have Lisa Cook calling the July jobs
report quote concerning. And then you
have also Neil Qashqari saying it is
might be appropriate in the quote near
term. Well, what is the near-term? We're
in August, September. So, you have more
Fed officials lining up potentially what
the market is expecting, which is this
rate cut. We might see from the Federal
Reserve come September.
>> Yeah, yesterday we saw a new record high
on big tech. Not really a concern there.
Building on that this morning, what we
can see across the board trying to get a
second day of gains. S&P futures up 3/4
of a percent. NASDAQ futures up 8/10en
of a percent. Russell 2000 leading the
pack with expectations for rate cuts and
a real question around whether the
weakness is a head fake, backward
looking, and some of the strength is
going to be forward-looking that we've
seen on the heels of earnings. Coming up
this hour, we've got Ben Leer of Besco
with investors digesting the latest
tariff developments. James Fishbach of
Azoria with President Trump planning to
name a temporary Fed governor and maybe
his name is in the list. and Kelsey
Barrow of JP Morgan Asset Management as
Fed officials warn of a US economic
turning point. We begin this hour with
our top story, President Trump's
sweeping tariffs taking effect today.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins us now.
Tyler, how much are tariffs going up and
how much are these still in negotiation?
>> Yeah. Hey Lisa, good morning. Well,
after months of threats, we're seeing
these new tariff rates go into effect as
of 12:01 Eastern this morning. And what
is clear is that our trading partners
are facing higher rates, some starting
at 10% and really building up from
there. Our analysts at Bloomberg
Economics say that the average US tariff
rate will rise to 15.2%
substantially higher than the 2.3%
when President Trump took office. But
importantly, as you alluded to, we're
still waiting on some key details of
these deals even as those tariff rates
go into effect. I'm thinking about some
of our key trading partners that were
able to secure perhaps a more
preferential rate of 15% like Japan,
South Korea, the European Union. They're
seeing that that lower rate extended to
some key sectors like autos, but we
haven't seen that codified in text. So,
we're still waiting on the details on
that as well as some of the details on
what the administration would dub these
unique agreements, these unique
frameworks such as uh some of the
crucial aspects of these investment
pledges as well as uh key pledges to
purchase more US LG and agricultural
products. We need to see what those
actual details are going to look like.
Of course, we would be remiss if we
didn't mention those countries that
weren't able to secure some sort of
agreement ahead of today. Of course,
Switzerland left yesterday. Today, the
Swiss president without a meeting with
President Trump or a lower tariff rate.
It's our understanding the Swiss
government is now holding an emergency
cabinet meeting to deal with the
potential fallout from a 39% tariff. Of
course, Lisa, we're going to be watching
the economic impacts ahead, but we have
to keep in mind there are more tariffs
coming as we wait for those
announcements on pharmaceuticals and
semiconductors.
>> Tyler Kendall, thank you so much for
that. We'll be catching up with you in
the next hour. Here's the view on Wall
Street. Ben Ladler of Besco BBI writing,
"Markets face a possible reality check
over the seasonally weaker summer months
with tariff and economic slowdown
complacency high in support of Trump and
Fed puts both in doubt." Ben joins us
now. Ben, thank you so much for being
with us. I want to start there with
signs of complacency. Is it complacency
about the economic damage on the heels
of tariffs? Is it complacency about the
labor market? Where are you seeing the
sign of complacency?
All of the above. Um it's slightly
remarkable to me that we have a market
which is at way above average valuations
with way above average earnings
expectations with way below average
volatility at a time when the economy is
clearly slowing and the tariff bill
which we know is coming uh hasn't even
started to be paid yet. Um and just for
good measure we're going into the
weakest two months of the year. I think
that is a setup which makes me feel a
little bit nervous over the next couple
of months.
>> So, is this a matter of chop, which is
something we've heard a lot from people,
or is this a matter of some sort of
economic turn that people haven't really
accounted for, especially on the heels
of earnings that came up pretty
positively?
>> Yeah, I think it's more about the lack
of upside rather than the sort of
absolute, you know, downside. I I just
really struggle to see when you have a
market on 22 times earnings with 13%
earnings growth, profit margins at
all-time highs increasingly supported by
forget about a MAG 7, the MAG 4 just you
know the there only two ways to make
money in markets. It's either valuations
or earnings and they both look sort of
stretched. So it's the lack of upside I
worry about rather than the sort of
absolute downside and I just think there
are better riskrewards in um in other
parts of the world quite frankly.
>> Like what parts of the world, Ben?
or like any part of the world quite
frankly. I mean, you know,
>> anything but America, is that your
trade?
>> Well,
I don't want to overdo that, but you
know, the US does stand out with very
extended profit margins, very high
earnings expectations, you know, a
strong currency and a and and a um uh a
a wellv valued equity markets, you have
sort of triple premium there. And you
have the reverse in the rest of the
world. you've got some combination of
cheaper markets, more depressed
earnings, and and cheaper currencies.
And just simplistically, I just think
that gives you that improves the
riskreward, and it gives you more ways
to make money.
>> It sounds like you don't think the US is
exceptional anymore. Is that accurate?
>> I don't think so. No. Well, maybe it's
becoming exceptional in some of the
wrong ways um in terms of the
institutional um instability we're
seeing, the policy uncertainty. I mean,
none of that is good. And I think
ultimately it will impose on cost. I'm
not saying the rest of the world's
fantastic. I'm just saying that it is
priced for much more realistic earnings
expectations and the bar is just much
much lower um for for investors and for
expectations to to beat. So, you know, I
spoke a lot about emerging markets. You
know, Brazil, cheapest market in the
world, highest real interest rates in
the world. The economy is doing fine.
It's a closed economy. Doesn't really
matter what goes on in the rest of the
world. That looks like a better
riskreward than the US on 23 22 times
earnings with all-time high with profit
margins and double long-term average
earnings growth expectations.
>> And when was the last time you were uh
more underweight the United States than
you are right now?
>> Yes. So I I would absolutely overweight
the rest of the world versus the US.
Again, you know, I think you make money
everywhere. It's just I I
>> No, I'm saying the market has already
spoken. Robert, but when was the last
time that you were this underweight the
United States? I'm just wondering if
there's a historic reference that we
could look to to understand just how
bearish you are in the prospect of
upside, not necessarily downside, but
upside for the United States.
>> Yeah, I mean, historically, you know,
I've been a secular bull on the US for
at least the last five or six years. Um,
and again, I'm not a bear now. I just
see that, you know, again, bringing it
back to basics, you have very high
earnings expectations and very high um
and very high valuations. You know, you
basically for the for the US to
outperform from here and for you to make
significant money in the US, you
essentially need to argue that we're
going off, you know, into the unknown uh
either on earnings or on on valuations.
And if the economy was booming and
everything was great, maybe I would make
that case. But I think given this sort
of given the the setup right now of you
know a fading fading economic growth and
the policy uncertainty I'm I it's it's
it's difficult to make that case and
again I think the rest of the world just
has this sort of triple discount which
makes the riskreward just look a lot
more a lot more attractive.
>> Before we let you go uh how much would a
rate cut really change your view given
the fact that we're hearing a number of
different Fed officials line up and
really indicate they're ready to go.
Well, certainly the market's pricing
that. Um, but I do think there's, you
know, that that Fed put is maybe not as
secure as people think. The market is
now pricing a 90% chance of a September
cut. Five cuts over the next year and
core inflation still running at nearly
3% and we haven't seen the impact of the
tariffs yet. I'm not sure I would make
that bet. I I think there's a little bit
less policy flexibility there than the
market would like to think.
>> Ben Ladler of Besco BBI, thank you so
much for being with us this morning. Uh
right now let's get you an update uh in
stories elsewhere this morning. Here is
your Bloomberg brief with the Anna and
Jihara.
>> Good morning Lisa. President Donald
Trump's new country specific tariffs
have taken effect. As Tyler said
earlier, according to Bloomberg
economics, Trump's actions will push the
average US tariff rate to 15.2%
as some countries face duties as high as
50%. The president says the higher
levies will slash trade deficits and
push companies to move manufacturing to
the US. Meanwhile, President Trump
saying he'll indicating he'll likely
nominate a temporary instead of a
permanent Fed governor to Adriana
Cougler's soon-to-be vacant seat. Trump
also reiterating he considers the two
Kevin's war shenanets as top picks to
replace Fed chair Jerome Powell. Fed
Governor Cougler will vacate her role
tomorrow and Trump says he will announce
his pick this week. and Trump is set to
meet with Russian President Vladimir
Putin within the next few days with the
Kremlin confirming the two sides have
agreed on a venue. The agreement comes
as the US pushes for an end to Russia's
war with Ukraine. And it comes as Trump
has threatened to hit purchasers of
Russian oil with secondary tariffs
unless a truce is agreed to by Friday,
tomorrow. That's brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yah. I got to say,
Emory, we've been hearing a lot about
this Russia US meeting, a possible Putin
and Trump summit. Yet, the United States
is saying it's going to be a trilateral.
Russia is pointing to a bilateral. The
US saying they want Ukraine involved.
So, which is it? Well, this is what
Steve Wickoff presented to Vladimir
Putin in his three-hour meeting
yesterday in Moscow. He wants it to be
trilateral. Zilinsky, Putin, and Trump
at a table. We heard from Yuryu Shaikoff
overnight from the Kremlin. uh he's
chief policy adviser, foreign policy
adviser to President Putin. And they
said they just want to for now focus on
Putin and Trump. So for now, it looks
like it is just going to be those two,
but potentially there is some room,
wiggle room to add Zilinski either in
another day or a future summit. All
right. Well, we're going to be
discussing that and more. Up next,
making a mark on the Fed.
>> We've started the interviewing process.
We have some great candidates. It's
probably down to three. We're probably
going to go with a temp and then a
permanent. The temp is going to be named
I'd say over the next 2 three days.
>> Aoria CEO James Fishbach joins us next
to talk about whether he could be a
possibility. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[Music]
seeing a lift to start the day. Futures
higher by a significant amount, up
almost a percent when it comes to the
NASDAQ. S&P futures up 9/10en of a
percent. Expectations for a rate cut
really affecting the front end where
you're seeing yields lower on the long
end. Not so much. 424% on that 10-year
yield after a little bit of a messier
auction yesterday. And dollar weakness
ongoing 11665 on the Euro Dollar cross
under surveillance this morning making a
mark on the Federal Reserve.
>> We've started the interviewing process.
Uh Scott and I and Howard, a lot of
people JD, we're all but we have some
great candidates. It's probably down to
three.
>> Are we candid from Wall Street in 2000?
>> Uh, yeah. Essentially, we're all from
Wall Street, aren't we? You know, when
you get right down to it, we're probably
going to go with a temp and then a
permanent. The temp is going to be
named, I'd say, over the next 2 three
days.
>> Here's the latest. President Donald
Trump saying he'll likely nominate a
temporary Fed governor to fill a
soontobe vacant seat. Trump adding the
decision will be made in the coming
days. Joining us now is someone whose
name has been floated for the position,
Azoria CEO James Fishbach. James, thank
you so much for being with us. Let's
just start with what you know about the
process and how intimately involved you
are.
>> Well, good morning, Lisa. I think it
shocked everybody last week for two
reasons. The first of which, for the
first time in 32 years, we had two Fed
governors descent against the chair. And
then second, we had a third Fed governor
abruptly resign on Friday, Adriana
Kugler, without explanation. And so it's
given President Trump yet another
opportunity to shape the leadership of
the Federal Reserve. And he's going to
do just that.
>> Well, he's looking potentially, and he
said there, and I had a reporting on
this yesterday, James, good morning,
that this could be a temporary position,
meaning this person would just serve out
the remainder of Governor Cougler's
term. So they would leave their job,
serve in Washington for about four
months, and then that would be it. Is
that something you would consider?
>> It is something I would consider and
Marie, I told the president that on
Monday when we spoke over the phone. I
think the next four to five months is
especially important for monetary
policy. We have a very big dislocation
on our hands. Since President Trump took
office, headline CPI has been running at
1.8% annualized and we have 4.5% rates.
Any last time rates were this high, we
had 6 and 12% inflation. It doesn't make
any sense. Everywhere I travel in my
home state of Florida, folks are
stopping me and their number one or
number two concern is why on earth
Jerome Powell is obstinate. Why doesn't
he look at the data that Waller and
Bowman and everyone else is looking at
and lower interest rates to more natural
levels?
>> Well, he might. We now have Governor
Lisa Cook saying that the July jobs
report is quote concerning. You have
Neil Koskari saying it might be
appropriate in the quote near term. By
the time September rolls around, the Fed
might already be moving to the
president's favor. Did you and the
president by any chance discuss who he
is thinking about the prime position of
chair for the Federal Reserve?
>> Well, look, I'm going to keep my
discussions with the president between
him and I. But what I will tell you, an
Marie, is that this idea of cutting by
25 basis points a month and a half from
now is a little too little too late for
a man that does of course go by too
late. that moniker that the president
has rightly coined. The truth of the
matter is that at the September meeting,
if I were there, I would vote for a 100
basis point rate cut because, as Waller
pointed out in his descent after the
July FOMC last week, rates are at least
150 basis points above natural. Look at
the fact that mortgage originations are
down 363,000
versus their 5-year running average.
What does that mean, Amarie? It means
that families all over this country want
to start a family, have done everything
right, have saved up, have worked hard,
but can't get a mortgage. If you can't
get a mortgage, you can't get a house.
If you can't get a house, you can't
start a family. That is unacceptable.
And President Wright is President Trump
is right to call out Jerome Powell on
this.
>> That said, Jerome Powell doesn't really
have control over mortgage rates. And in
fact, if they were to cut rates by that
much, you probably would see some sort
of increase in yields in the long end,
akin to what we saw last year. That
certainly is Well, to be fair, Lisa, we
we saw that. Well, to be fair, To be
fair, Lisa, we saw that because market
expectations were pricing seven cuts in
the fall. They only delivered three
cuts. And so, the repricing at the
10-year part of the nominal curve ended
up readjusting to what the sofur curve
had run ahead with. There's no time
really in history where the Fed had cut
and mortgage rates hadn't gone down by a
substantial amount. This is the same
Jerome Powell that in 2020 was talking
up his ability to bring down mortgage
conditions to bring down longend rates
and he actually did do that quite
successfully in 2020 and 2021. So I
don't accept the premise from Jerome
Powell who's all of a sudden can't do
anything. He can do these things are
well within his remitt. It's time for
him to act.
>> But we do hear from a lot of companies
as they put earnings out that they are
raising prices. is they're grappling
with just how much demand there is out
there and that the more the economy
keeps chugging along and that was the
portrayal that we saw from everyone from
United CEO to McDonald's. Uh they're
going to be able to pass that along. So
at a certain point, how much is this a
very different situation than 2020 where
there's a new inflationary push that's
not going to allow rates to go back to
where they were or the perceived rate of
neutral back in 2020?
>> Well, that's a that's a great point,
Lisa. I got to give you credit for that.
The the truth is we are seeing limited
price increases from here and there as
companies are making this transition.
President Trump has never made a secret
that this is going to be a transition
period. But the way the Fed and we
should all look at inflation is as an
aggregate number. There's always going
to be increases and decreases beyond the
mean. But if you look at the aggregate
inflation numbers, they have come in
better than expected, lower than
expected for the past five consecutive
months. As I mentioned, since President
Trump took office, inflation on a
headline CPI basis is annualized at
1.8%. Lisa, that's not at the Fed's
target. That's below the Fed's target.
President Trump does not deserve a
Federal Reserve that is acting out of
accordance and complete rejection of the
data. Waller is looking at the data. He
is saying neutral. Even the Fed's own
models from the New York Fed of the
shortrun neutral rate have it closer to
3%. And why are rates at 4 and a.5%? It
just doesn't make any sense.
>> James, as you know, the Fed's purview
comes under Congress and this position
would have to be Senate confirmed. Some
of my reporting with SEA Mosen is that
the administration is actually looking
for someone to fill this temporary
position that already has been in front
of the Senate and can get confirmation.
Many would view you as a bit more of a
controversial pick, took a less
traditional path to this. Do you think
you could be Senate confirmed?
Look at the end of the day and Marmie
the president is going to make the
ultimate decision. He has no shortage of
great options. What I will tell you this
pres this is a president unlike Jerome
Powell who surrounds himself with
workers with businesses with retirees
with unemployed folks all over this
country. He talks to them directly.
Jerome Powell meets with his PhD
economist. They published papers about
systemic racism being the cause of the
home ownership crisis, not high interest
rates or the fact that private equity
companies like Blackstone are coming
into communities like mine and buying up
homes from under folks. So I I trust
that the president is going to make the
right decision. And part of that, you're
right, Emory, is the ability of someone
to be confirmed by the United States
Senate.
>> James Fishbach, Zora CEO, thank you so
much for being with us and uh we look
forward to catching up as you continue
the process. Joining us now is
Bloomberg's Michael McKe as we get a
host of different Fed speakers coming
out and saying that it might be
appropriate right now to cut rates.
>> Exactly, Lisa. The timing is very
interesting, but it is also tied to the
data that we have gotten. A lot of the
members of the open market committee had
said they wanted to see what happened
with the payrolls report and with the
CPI report we're going to get next week
to ensure they had a better handle on
what was going to happen. Now,
obviously, uh, Mr. Fishbach is
campaigning for a job. So that's uh
that's okay. But there's two two things
wrong with what he was saying. One is
that uh Jerome Powell can do anything on
his own. The this is a committee of 12
voters, 19 people total, and he can't
just snap his fingers and cut rates. And
the majority have not wanted to cut
rates. Uh the other thing is that there
is no inflation lately. Well, the
tariffs haven't started until today
really. So we'll have to wait and see
what happens. But yesterday you had
Susan Collins, uh you had Lisa Cook, and
you had Mary Daly all say that they
think it's about time to start cutting
rates if the data continue to show what
they have shown the last couple of
months.
>> Michael McKe, uh thank you so much.
We'll be catching up with you throughout
the morning, especially as we get that
key jobless claims data in about two
hours time. And just building on what
Mike was saying, we also heard from Neil
Neil Neil Kashkari yesterday saying in
the near term it may become appropriate
to start adjusting the federal funds
rate. So well on their path not
necessarily to 100 basis point rate cut
but still 25 basis point.
>> Well on their path now when we have the
labor market data. What happens if we
have very hot CPI prints? We have two
CPI prints before the next Fed meeting.
What happens if they come in hot? Look
at the ISM services. Everyone is saying
that is the conundrum the Fed is in this
stagflationary potential environment and
what do you do then when two sides of
your mandate are not working together
for you to have this ability to cut
rates. Luckily they have about a month
and a half so they can really discuss
this and Jackson Hole will be a very
interesting meeting with some
interesting commentary. Coming up next,
Jim Biano of Bianca Research taking the
other side of those rate cuts and as
well as discussing Trump's potential
pick for the Fed governor. Perhaps
[Music]
it's the beginning of a new era. We do
see tariffs come into effect with the US
tariff rate now effectively more than
15% from 2% at the beginning of the
year. Highest levels going back to the
1930s. A real question of how markets
are dealing with that. Well, they are
looking to make some new highs in the
big tech space after another record
close yesterday for the Magnificent 7.
We're seeing NASDAQ futures push higher
8/10en of a percent. Russell 2000 up
almost a percent with the expectation
that there will be some sort of rate
cutting cycle and strength in the
underlying US economy. 3 hours away from
the cash open. Here are your morning
movers with Danny Ber. Danny,
>> hey Lisa, I have one of those mag seven
stocks that's having another really good
day. It is Apple which rallied 5%
yesterday in the pre-market up another
3%. Had that meeting in the Oval Office.
Tim Cook did the CEO with President
Trump announcing an hundred billion
dollar investment. The enthusiasm here
is that you will not get that 100% chip
tariff chip tariff that Trump announced
if you invest in the US. So some of
Apple's partners chip partners also
rallying in the pre-market. Now on the
other side of things, Airbnb reporting
earnings yesterday and look it was okay.
they meet expectations. They said that
the summer bookings were looking robust.
The problem for them though was that
they said they had tough comparables for
the end of the year and that meant that
growth would look pretty steady instead
of robust. So that weaker kind of
outlook or let's call it mild mean that
shares are down 6.7%. But maybe if
you're not out booking Airbnbs and going
on vacation, you're ordering at home and
that's what we saw from Door Dash.
really strong earnings exceeding
expectations. Shares are surging 9%.
They said they added new customers for
every single month of the last quarter.
Their outlook also exceeding
expectations, too. We heard similar
things from Uber. So, yeah, people
ordering from restaurants despite the
fact there is some lingering economic
anxiety within other earnings reports.
Lisa, thank you so much, Danny. Maybe
they're just staying at work and
ordering in dinner to stay at their
desks rather than going on vacation. And
on our radar this morning, not that
President Trump's sweeping new tariff
rates taking effect, impacting nearly
all US trading partners. The moves
raising the average tariff rate to more
than 15%. Some countries facing rates as
high as 50% although those seem a little
bit more funible when we're talking
about India. It just goes to show each
of these tariff rates kind of amory has
a different purpose,
>> right? And they're bespoke really
depending on the country. So as you
rightly pointed out the stop start of
the show. Is this a new world order? For
some countries it is. Or is this
negotiating and for some it is like
Switzerland and India. They still seem
to be in negotiating mode with the
United States especially India. Front
page of the Wall Street Journal
editorial this morning in the opinion
section. Trump targets Russia via India.
Basically going after what's going on in
Russia. Something he also wants to bring
to a close that Ukraine war. Going after
the oil imports going into India. Now
this puts India definitely on the back
folks. This is a 50% potentially as high
in 21 days tariff rate. What is so
interesting on the economic front for
months we've been talking about how the
market is pricing in the uncertainty of
tariffs. Well the next 6 months they're
actually going to have to start pricing
in the actual tariffs. And that's the
reason why some people are saying people
are overestimating how well the US
economy can absorb them without any
weakness or any inflation. And we're
going to be having a conversation coming
up taking the other side of what we
heard from James Fishbach. Jim Biano
joining us to talk about why he thinks
cutting rates will be a policy mistake.
Meanwhile, Trump announcing plans to
raise tariffs on semiconductor imports
to 100%. Okay, this sounds really bad.
So, why did we get record highs? Well,
he promised to exempt companies that
demonstrate a commitment to building in
the United States. We saw Nvidia shares,
Super Microshares, as well as TMS, TSMC,
all surging. and Apple coming out with
that announcement that they were going
to invest hundred billion dollars to
building more in the United States. Them
seeing a more than 5% boost as Danny was
talking about earlier. And you know who
else wasn't just at the White House
yesterday wasn't just Tim Cook. It was
Jensen Wang as well as Trump was about
to announce this quote 100% tariff rate
on semiconductors. Jensen Wang was also
there. Both these CEOs have been trying
to lobby the president when it comes to
exemptions. And guess what? If you read
the fine print, there likely will be
exemptions. When it comes to tariffs,
TSMC is saying, "We're okay because we
are still building in the United States.
We are putting investment into the
United States." It's that carrot and
stick approach the Trump administration
is trying to use when it comes to
tariffs. You also saw the exemptions
when it comes to TSMC. Canada looks like
it has a very high tariff rate, 35%. But
then when you look at actually what is
being traded, most of those goods are
USMCA compliant. And if USMCA compliant,
your tariff rate is zero.
>> Which is a reason why everyone's
continuing to parse through all of the
details we've been talking about. Is
this a new world order? Is this a
negotiation? When it comes to India,
it's been a negotiation to try to get
Russia to the table to end the war with
Ukraine. On that note, Trump is set to
meet with Russian President Vladimir
Putin within the next few days. This
according to the Kremlin saying the two
sides have already agreed on a venue.
the agreement coming ahead of that
Friday deadline tomorrow that would hit
Russia with secondary tariffs. The thing
that I find confusing and there are a
lot of things that I find confusing is
that the United States side talked about
a trilateral meeting with Vladimir
Putin, Vladimir Zalinski and President
Trump, but there here seems to be from
the Russian side a discussion about a
bilateral uh summit. So which is it?
Well, when you listen to the Kremlin and
Yuri Ushekoff, Putin's top foreign
policy aid for decades, they are talking
about just a bilateral meeting between
President Trump and President Putin. And
he said, "Together with our American
colleagues, we are starting to work on
specific issues." This is what's also
interesting for me. You're meeting to
work on those issues. Usually when you
have a summit, it is the final part of
the deal. The deal has been worked on
for months and you are having a summit
because you are going to be signing it.
But to on the leader level, it feels
like this is almost taking a backwards
approach. The leaders are going to be
meeting and then more work needs to be
done on the diplomatic front
>> and India is watching and saying, "Look,
if it goes well, will you guys lift some
of those tariffs?" Uh, in the Fed uh
news, President Trump saying he would
likely nominate a temporary Fed governor
to Adriana Kougler's soontobe vacant
seat. I believe that is as soon as
tomorrow. Meanwhile, a real discussion
about what this means for Fed policy.
Jim Biano of Biano Research writing
this. Trump suggested he would appoint
someone to finish out the term through
January 2026. Presumably that would be
Kevin Hasset. In other words, Hasset
would have a fivemonth trial run. Jim
joins us now. Jim, one thing that you
pointed to is that in this push to cut
rates, you think the Fed is going to
make a policy error. Why do you think
so?
>> Because I don't think it's necessary. I
think that we've lost the sight as to
what is interest rates and what is the
appropriate interest rate. President
Trump keeps talking about that we're the
hottest country ever. Everybody wants to
be in the country. Look, I agree with
him. But what he seems to be implying is
we're the best credit rating, so we
should have the lowest interest rates.
That's not how you set sovereign yields.
That's how you price a a mortgage on
Trump Tower in Manhattan. Uh the way you
set sovereign yields is the combination
of growth, inflation expectations, and
supply should determine kind of a
natural or neutral interest rate. And
right now that looks like on the long
end of the yield curve somewhere around
4 1.5 to 5%. Which is where we are right
now which is why the market has been
meandering sideways. Now if the Fed
wants to cut rates and add extra
stimulus into the economy because that's
presumably what they're going to do.
They could push those numbers up. You
know faster growth potentially higher
inflation. Uh and that could wind up
pushing up the long end of the yield
curve like we saw last year. the yield
curve went up, I think, or the long end
of the yield curve, you know, 10-year
yields rose when the Fed was cutting
rates. Uh, largely because after the Fed
started cutting rates, the economy
started to rebound and it did what it
was supposed to naturally do.
>> Jim, we saw the labor market report on
Friday really changed the tone of a
number of people on the Federal Reserve.
The fact that the revisions came in at
the greatest pace going back to the
height of the pandemic caused a lot of
Fed officials to start talking about
rate cuts. Lisa Cook coming out and
saying these revisions are somewhat
typical of turning points. How do you
view that given the fact that there are
other people saying they're seeing real
softness in the jobs market?
>> Uh because there is softness in this in
the jobs market and they are you know
signaling the or you see them at turning
points. But what is the turning point
that we're seeing? And the answer is the
thing that very few people are talking
about. Labor market statistics are
measures of population growth. We've
shut the border on this and we have got
net immigration at zero. President Trump
tweeted this out the other day or put it
on Truth Social, excuse me, that we have
net negative immigration for the first
time in 50 years. And that might be
correct. Uh or it's very close to zero.
Either way, that means we've got no
population growth. That means that the
US economy might only need to create 10
or 20,000 jobs a month in order to meet
the population growth and new entrance
into the economy. But we're all
operating under this assumption that
normal is 150,000 jobs a month. And
that's why there's this rush to cut
rates and stimulate. Well, if you're
going to do that and try and force the
US economy to uh create more jobs than
population growth with demand, that
means you're just going to have to drag
more people into the workforce. And you
do that by raising wages. You do that by
creating inflation. I think the other
side of the equation, how many jobs do
we need to create is not being
discussed. And it's not being discussed
because there is no population growth.
And that number might be heading
trending towards zero. The American
Enterprise Institute has said by next
year that number might that break even
number might actually be as low as zero.
>> Jim, the president said yesterday
following reporting we had that he plans
to go with a temporary approach to fill
the Cougler seat. How do you think the
market will respond to that?
>> You know, I'm wondering how they're
going to, you know, what is this?
Apprentice season one, the Federal
Reserve is what we're going with this. I
mean, basically
>> Game of Thrones.
>> Yeah. Or games of Game of Thrones.
Either way. Um uh I think either way I
the issue you're going to have is
assuming he appoints somebody this
weekend for this temporary role and
assuming it's a trial that that person
could also be the permanent person and
eventually the Federal Reserve chairman.
Um I don't think they're going to get
approved by the Senate before the
September 17th meeting. I know Trump
will try to get them approved. Maybe
they don't even get approved by the
October 30th meeting. they might only be
there in time to cut, you know, to, you
know, cast a decision for one or maybe
two meetings and then they'll have to
make a decision, you know, at the end of
the year. So, I think initially the
market will look at it, assuming it's
one of the four names that we continue
to throw out and it's not an outlier
name that no one has discussed. I think
the market will look past it at least
for a little while because that person
probably is still going to be a few
months away from actually casting votes.
Well, what if it is someone like a Kevin
Hasset or Kevin Warf? Do they then
basically become the shadow Fed chair?
And how confusing might that be for
market participants?
Yeah, I think they will become this Fed
shadow Fed chair and it will be a little
bit confusing because the market will
look at a WSH or a Hasset or if it's a
Waller and and ask the question um you
know what are they going to do after May
assuming that they may of next year
assuming that they are the Federal
Reserve chairman and that will diminish
Jal's role and increase their role and
if they're at odds with what Jal is
saying then I think that could create
some real confusion if it's a name that
none of us are talking about that gets
it. Then we'll be asking the question,
will they even be there after January?
And that's a whole different discussion.
>> Jim Biano of Bianca Research, thank you
so much for those insights. It's
important to hear the other side. It's
amazing to see how much descent there is
right now among market participants
about whether there is about to be some
sort of inflationary push or whether
we're about to see some real weakness in
the labor market.
>> As you mentioned, Jackson Hole just got
so much more interesting because the
individual everyone wants to hear from
is Jay Powell. Everyone agrees he is a
dove. What is he thinking about now when
it comes to the labor market given the
fact that we had basically a trend when
you look at the revisions of a weakening
labor market and more people lining up
with the double dissenters that he faced
at the last meeting?
>> Yeah, I'm also curious about Chris
Waller given his renewed position as if
not a shadow Fed certainly a real
contender to be the next Fed chair.
Right now let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere. Here's your Bloomberg
brief with Yhierra Anna and Antihira.
>> Hi Lisa. Eli Lily shares are plunging
nearly 13% after results from its latest
obesity treatment pill fell short of
expectations. In a study, patients who
took the experimental pill lost an
average of 11% of their body weight.
Investors had hoped Lily's pill would be
as effective as Nova Nordisk's injection
WGOI where users in trial in trials lost
14 to 15% of their body weight. Nova
Nordis shares are higher by 9%.
Meanwhile, Chinese exports surging in
July with exports up 7.2%
year-over-year. That marks the fastest
gain since April as demand from around
the world offset a continued slump in
shipments to the US due to tariffs. The
resilience signaling demand for Chinese
goods remains strong and continues to be
a significant driver for the Chinese
economy. And Switzerland's government is
holding an emergency meeting today to
consider the fallout from President
Trump's 39% tariff rates. This after
President Karine Keller Suter failed to
make a trade deal and avert the highest
US lobbies on any developed country. The
federal council will issue a public
statement after the extraordinary
meeting. Dr. Bloomberg brief. Lisa,
thank you so much. I'm just looking
right now that Swatch has raised its
pricing on watches for the United States
and is looking like a 7 to 10% increase
on brands like Blanc and Gazut or
Janelle Nespresso. Their prices are
going to be going up if you you know
drink coffee in the morning from from
Nespresso. It was the Swatch CEO that
actually was saying publicly this
president of Switzerland needs to go to
Washington DC and sort this out. We
should not be facing a 39% tariff break.
Well, she went to Washington DC. Uh,
sorting it out. Another question up
next. Unwelcome signs in the economy.
>> The labor market has softened and you
can see this everywhere in the US
economy and I would see additional
slowing in the labor market as an
unwelcome sign.
>> Kelsey Barrow of JP Morgan Asset
Management joining us next. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
Well, the tariffs went into effect. Big
fear in markets. We're looking at maybe
some new record highs for the NASDAQ.
We're seeing right now uh MAG7
continuing to chart the charge higher.
We're seeing across the board gains. S&P
futures higher by 7/10en of a percent. A
bit of dollar weakness on the
expectation. There will be Fed rate cuts
and yields just slightly higher on the
long end, which is a question about what
the ramifications will be on the heels
of rate cuts. Under surveillance this
morning, unwelcome signs in the economy.
The labor market has softened and you
can see this everywhere in the US
economy and I would see additional
slowing in the labor market as an
unwelcome sign especially since we know
and I think importantly because we know
that once the labor market stumbles it
falls and it falls quickly and it falls
hard. I think we'll likely need to
adjust the policy rate sometime in the
coming months.
>> Here's the latest. San Francisco Fed
President Mary Daly voicing concerns
about the US economy alongside two other
policy makers suggesting a rate cut is
imminent. Kelsey Barrow of JP Morgan
Asset Management writing this. If
economic data continues to indicate weak
hiring, the Fed is likely to deliver on
to deliver on a rate cut in September
despite Chair Powell's more neutral
tone. Kelsey joins us now. We are seeing
Kelsey 95% chance of a rate cut getting
priced into Fed funds futures. seems
like this is almost a given. Is this the
right thing to do?
>> I do think that it is the right thing to
do. Um so if you take a step back, you
think about what the Fed has done so
far. They've cut 100 basis points. They
did that last year, then they paused.
Policy right now is still restrictive.
It's still above neutral. We are seeing
signs that the labor market is slowing.
We've been seeing these signs actually
for a while. But on the other hand, the
Fed was balancing the risk to inflation.
I think there are still risks to
inflation. Um, we are going to see more
inflation in terms of core goods. But I
think the reason that the market has
been able to digest it and the Fed is
going to be able to look through it is
because we're seeing disinflation on the
services side that is offsetting some of
the inflationary forces on the good
side.
>> So I feel like it's cognitive dissonance
a little bit. When I speak with equity
investors, they talk about this
incredible strength and resilience and
the sort of profit increase that we see
at companies uh that really belies the
weakness that bond investors talk about.
I know it's cliche. Bond investors
pessimistic, stock investors optimistic,
but do you see some sort of cognitive
dissonance there? I I mean, not not
really. I mean, we're looking at two
different things, but I you put it best
when we're in the commercial break. You
said the volatility so far this year is
in the headlines. it's not so much in
the market. And when we came into this
year, what we wanted investors to focus
on are the high starting yields within
the fixed income market. Yields that you
haven't been able to get for over 10
years. And even if yields stay
rangebound around here, credit speds are
rangebound, which is essentially what
we've had this year. We've had some
choppiness, but yields are a little bit
lower than the start of the year,
spreads are about the same as the start
of the year. Then what do you get? You
get carry. you get income in your
portfolio. The US SAG is up 4.7% year-to
date. US high yield up 5.3% year to
date. This is exactly what you want to
see in this type of environment.
>> By the way, when Lisa says volatility in
the headlines, I think you mean policy
out of Washington. Volatility and every
time almost the president speaks or
truth. The more sanguin markets are
though, is the president more
emboldened? Could we see more volatility
that actually the markets have to react
to? I
>> I think that is a risk. So, we've been
doing a lot of analysis on how corporate
corporations are going to handle
tariffs. And we've stressed them against
a 10% tariff regime. Then we were like,
okay, maybe we need to stress them
against a 20% tariff regime. And our
corporate analysts came back and they
said, it's not great for earnings.
Earnings are going to slow. Revenue is
going to slow, but it's manageable given
the very strong starting points of of
companies. And they're going to use a
variety of different methods to offset
those higher costs,
>> including layoffs.
>> It could be some layoffs. I And I think
if it's not layoffs, it's at minimum
less hiring. And that's what you're
seeing in the economic data already flow
through. The risk though is that once
maybe you get past 10 or 20%. At a
certain point, it is going to become
nonlinear. Everything that we've been
looking at so far that we've been
looking to measure is essentially
linear. you know, a 1% increase in this
results in a 50 bit decrease in in NY.
Um, and so the risk is at a certain
point all of this compounds and it
creates a more negative result. So far
though, that's not actually what we're
hearing. our our credit analysts are
saying that Q2 earnings are coming in
better than feared and the focus is
really shifting toward away from
managing tariffs to now managing the
advantages that they're getting in terms
of the one big beautiful bill whether it
be expensing of R&D um interest
deductibility less uh stringent
admission standards for autos so you
know the the focus is shifting again
here for companies and they continue to
just muddle along
>> as you look at the economy. Is it more
instructive to listen to what corporate
executives are talking about than the
economic data? Especially, you can put
aside the BLS of what exactly happened
with the labor market data, but even CPI
coming out on Tuesday. Real questions
around just how much some of their data
collection has declined and the
integrity of that data. So, at this
point, are corporate executives better
reads on the economy?
>> I think that you have to look at all of
it. And what the jobs data on Friday
really reminded us all of and and people
say this all the time. You can't just
focus on one data point. You can't just
focus on one data series. You know, if
you're trying to come up with a view on
the economy or a view on where things
are going to go, you need a variety of
data points that all kind of a mosaic
essentially that gets you to a
conclusion. And so yeah, maybe in this
environment we need to look at a few
more alternative data points to try to
enforce uh what we're looking at. But I
think also what we do need to be
prepared for is more volatility in the
data. So because we have less data
collections, um the sample sizes may be
smaller, response rates may be lower.
That doesn't necessarily bias the data
in one direction or the other, but it
does mean that we are prone to more
revisions. Now, that's something we've
all been dealing with for a while. I
think I would describe that as not just
a new thing to the last two months, but
actually something that we've been
experiencing since the pandemic, which
is that there have been a lot of large
revisions that have caused the market to
have to reassess the trajectory. And
that's why I do think it's so important
that you don't just focus on one data
series. You look at a variety of data
points. You you focus on what companies
are saying. You look at what small
businesses are saying. You look at what
the economic data is saying. You
determine what the trend is. And you
don't jump to conclusions based on just
one revision or or one data point.
>> Or you take the rest of the summer off
because right now bonds have basically
been in the same place for quite a
while. Kelsey Barrow of JP Morgan Asset
Management. Thank you. Uh have a
wonderful rest of the day. What we are
seeing in markets is that lift as people
look past all of the noise. Listen to
what companies are saying and sort of
deciding it's not that bad.
>> Well, Kelsey put it really well from the
research team. 10 to 20% tariffs. It's
not great, but we can weather that storm
and it's not going to be a material
impact on our earnings. And that is why
the markets is just pushing through and
looking at what's coming down the
pipeline next. And maybe that's some
incentives from what happened in
Congress and the one big beautiful bill.
>> Yeah. for now because a lot of people
expect chop including Sarah Hunt who's
coming up next of Alpine Sax and Woods,
former NEC deputy director Everett
Eisenstat, Hyatt CEO Maplamian
and Mike Pile of Black Rockck. We also
do get a Bank of England decision in
just about four minutes time. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
US economic data is the envy of the
world. The consumer is doing just fine.
>> We're unlikely to see a major
reaceleration of inflation.
>> I wouldn't be surprised if there is no
rate cut on September.
>> The Fed probably will be behind the
curve because the tariffs created so
much uncertainty. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance as we wait for a Bank of
England rate decision as we talk about
the Fed's potential move in September.
The Bank of England potentially uh
taking the lead and indeed they do cut
that key interest rate to 4% after a 54
vote. We'll be getting to that in one
second. A real question here about what
this means going forward for the rate
cutting cycle globally. We have seen
Europe taking the charge. Does this mean
that they're now going to be on hold?
This comes at a time when we're trying
to understand what the ramifications
from tariffs are at a time when they do
go into effect today, President Trump's
tariffs and a real question going
forward of what future tariffs could
look like at a time where they're
increasingly being used amory as a
negotiating tool.
>> Absolutely. When it comes to countries
like India and Switzerland, it feels
like they are still part of this
negotiation even though they are facing
higher tariffs and everyone is facing
higher tariffs as of 12:01 just after
midnight. What the Trump administration
though is doing is negotiating with
certain countries but setting rates
higher rates for others. And this is the
whole conundrum the Fed is facing. Will
this bleed so much into CPI that
basically their dual mandates are
working against each other and puts them
in a very difficult position to cut
rates? I can imagine the truth social
post this morning is going to be even
the bank of England was able to cut
rates a fifth time brings it to the
lowest since March of 2023 and pulls
ahead of course the Federal Reserve.
Yeah, lots of questions here and we are
going to get to that Bank of England
rate decision. We're seeing a response
in markets with the pound gaining versus
the dollar strengthening versus the
dollar a five to four decision. They're
talking about how inflation will remain
at 2% in the third quarter of 2027 as
well as 2028. So seeing that downward
trajectory, breaking it all down,
Bloomberg's Lissy Birded joining us now.
What do we learn from this decision?
Well, Lisa, I can hear you saying that
Donald Trump is going to be disappointed
because now the Bank of England's rate
is lower than the Federal Reserve's 4%
here as expected, but there is drama
beneath that rate cut. So they've cut it
despite inflation being at a 17-month
high. But the worries here are about the
growth in the economy, the contractions
backtoback that we've seen earlier in
the year and the slowdown in hiring. But
look at this vote split. So initially
they had a 441 split and then they had
to recast the vote and go again. So
because it was so finely balanced, they
ended up on that 54 split. five voting
for a quarter point cut and the other uh
four voting for a hold. The expectation,
the most common expectation going into
this was for a three-way split of 252.
But I have to say the expectations were
absolutely all over the show going into
it, just reflecting how much uncertainty
there is here. In terms of the forecast,
as you you nodded to in terms of
inflation, they've upgraded it. So they
had seen uh 3.7% as the peak. They now
see it as 4% in September as the peak
and they see inflation at 2% in the
third quarter of 2027. So way down the
line and 2% in the third quarter of
2028. That is when uh we will be back at
the inflation target in the third
quarter of 2027. Uh so as you say the
pound is up. It's been read as a hawkish
cut this because of these worries about
inflation. Thank you so much, Lizzie
Burton. And we will be following up as
we try to understand what central banks
around the world are going to be doing
as a result of the tariffs and the
potential pressures. Bank of England
facing a unique pressure given the
threats to its currency. How much can
you cut rates if you still have
inflation as a problem even in the face
of slowing growth? Right now, you are
seeing a bit of gains across the board
in the United States as people parse
through all of the potential tariffs
that are coming down the pike as well as
the ones that actually are going into
effect and seeing that maybe this is all
baked into the price really led by the
Magnificent 7 in the United States. You
can see that dollar weakness continuing
and continuing this morning versus the
pound after what Lizzie Burton said was
a hawkish cut. Coming up this hour,
Sarah Hunt of Alpine Sax and Woods
talking about increased volatility going
forward in the market. Former NEC Deputy
Director Everett Eisenstat as President
Trump's tariffs take effect and Hyatt
Chief Executive Officer Mark Hlots Ma
Haplasian on Brazilian travel demand. We
continue with stocks higher as markets
shrug off the president's levies. They
look to potential rate cuts around the
world. Sarah Hunt of Alpine Sax and
Woods writing this. Markets are
experiencing more volatility as we wind
down earning season as excellent numbers
sometimes are greeted with a yawn or a
knee-jerk drop, at least on the first
glance. And this is what we were talking
about a lot yesterday. Sarah joins us
now for more. Thank you so much for
being here. Let's start with that. The
idea that you saw good earnings from
Uber. You saw good earnings yesterday uh
pretty much across the board and yet the
performance and shares kind of all over
the place.
>> Well, good morning and thank you. I I
this is what I think is very tricky
right now is you've got an argument that
valuations have to grow, earnings have
to grow into valuations and you have
some anticipatory moves in the stocks. I
mean Uber was up already, right? So I
think part of the problem is you've seen
these big moves in the stocks. They come
in with really good earnings and
everybody's like, "Well, the move's
already happened or that wasn't so much
better than I expected that it's going
to it's going to push it again further."
So I think this is to me a little bit
worrying because you want to see those
good earnings be rewarded but I think
that the market just keeps moving sort
of relentlessly higher especially on the
technology side and those earnings
better be able to to fill into that and
I think that is a little bit more of a
turn than we saw earlier in the
beginning of earning season. It seemed
like heading into earnings season people
said that uh corporate earnings were
going to be the risk. They crossed that
hurdle and then some. You saw a real
earnings revision in terms of forecasts.
Now people are saying wait for the data
to turn around. So is that really kind
of the catalyst for some of this chop?
The idea that some of the economic data
could start reflecting some of the
weakness that we saw last Friday. I
think the problem is that once earnings
are out of the way and they were good
news and then the market continued to go
higher. I mean we did have a little bit
of a of a down few days but it wasn't
sustainable and it doesn't seem to be
right now being carried through that any
weakness in the data because you now
have a posity of of earnings until you
get into the next quarter is going to be
the absolute focus and this is a tough
time of the year for a variety of
reasons. there's seasonality going on.
people are away for the summer and any
moves tend to be somewhat outsized which
is why we think you're going to see more
volatility and in fact if you go back
and look at the last three or four years
the whole August September into the
beginning of October has been rather
witchy and so I think that that is a
little bit what we are anticipating and
you have things like those data numbers
I mean the labor numbers that was not a
great set of revisions that was not
great news and this has been the reason
why you can justify no we don't need to
cut rates because the labor market's
doing fantastically well maybe it's not
doing quite as fantastically as we Well,
on top of all these months that you say
are witchy for a number of seasonal
issues, we also have now much higher
tariff rates. When are these companies
going to digest that? When are we
actually going to see the impact? Well,
and that's the other big question
because the anticipation on that has
been going on for so long and the
knowledge that they were coming has been
going on for so long, it's hard to see
under the surface who's been able to
mitigate some of that ahead of time and
who hasn't as we get closer as as this
gets implemented. And then the question
becomes there's so many carveouts. What
does implementation mean versus not
implementation? We're going to see that
change over the next few months as that
starts to get absorbed. Is that going to
hit margins? Is that going to be a
bigger problem? Because so far we've
been able to push that out because it
hasn't actually taken effect yet.
>> How have you seen corporate America
mitigate some of those concerns?
>> I think people look at sourcing. I think
people look at a variety of different
things that they can do to say, "Okay,
if this is going to cost me 15% more,
what else can I do to either change that
and or maybe I'm not hiring so many
people?" Because in the end, what is the
flex that you can do in your variable
cost? Sometimes it's labor. Sometimes
it's not some of those components that
are fixed. So to the extent that you
can't resource something in the states
that you were buying somewhere else or
do something that's costefficient that
way, I think the problem is that then
that becomes a labor question. There is
a bullcase in big tech and there's a
bullcase in some of the puts that are
out there that still are out there even
if some people are saying that maybe
they are less potent than they were
earlier this year. And one of them is
central banks around the world and we
just saw that with the Bank of England
cutting rates despite some of the
inflationary pressures because their
economy is weak and actually showing
real signs of weakness in the United
States. We've heard something similar
from some of the Fed officials even
though there still is that risk
especially with CPI on the table next
week that there really could be this
inflationary pressure. So, how much is
that sort of a tailwind for risk assets?
Because either there's going to be
weakness and there'll be a response from
a central bank or there won't be
weakness and then you can just carry on
uh with these kinds of gains. Well, and
I think that that's sort of where the
Fed's been able to hedge its bets and
say, "We're going to wait. We're going
to wait and see and we're going to wait
and see because the the economy has been
kicking along. Things have been going
well. Earnings have been coming in." And
that is one of those conundrums that
either it's you're stuck because you
can't do something or no matter what
happens, it's going to be okay. And I
still think we don't know. But the
market is priced for it's definitely
going to be okay. So any wobble in that
story as you see the I mean we've
watched that those narratives flip back
and forth for the last couple of years.
Any change in that story and I think you
could see some if not prolonged weakness
certainly some volatility that nobody
wants to ride through in August. Well
earlier about an hour ago actually we
were speaking with Ben Ladler and he
said he doesn't like the United States
right now. He actually likes the rest of
the world better just because of
valuations and people not factoring in
some of the slowdown that you're talking
about. Do you agree that the rest of the
world looks better? That's a tricky
thing for me because at the same time,
the US has to do well for the rest of
the world to continue to do well. So, if
the if the US is looking shaky, then I'm
not sure that I can handle that I can
say that it's much better to be in other
places because there's going to be a
knock-on effect. If the US slows down,
everybody else is going to slow down.
But from a straightup valuation point,
that's hard to argue because the US is
valued at a very high level right now.
And that's part of the problem is that
some of those valuations seem much more
ephemeral and dotcom like and that is
what I think is worrying investors on
the in a general way.
>> What Ben Ler was talking about reminded
him of what Mark Rowan of Apollo said in
May which is basically like there's been
a brand hit to corporate US America Inc.
and he sees the US moving from hyper
exceptionalism
to just merely exceptional. Would you
agree with that? We're just not as
exceptional. I think that's trying to
fine-tune something that is either an a
yes or a no as opposed to a gradation. I
think that the from a technology and an
innovation standpoint, it is still hard
to beat the US markets, which is why the
US technology market is doing so well
and will continue to do well. I think I
I have a hard time making parsing out
that much of a difference. I think it's
still the US is going to continue to do
well. Other people will other markets
will do well. The US starts to slow
down. I think that's going to be a
problem for other markets as well. It's
hard for me to separate those two. Sarah
Hunt, thank you so much for being with
us. Sarah Hunt of Alpine Saxon Woods on
this Thursday. Right now, let's get you
an update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Here's your Bloomberg brief for
the Hierra on Antihira.
>> Hi, Lisa. President Donald Trump's new
country specific tariffs have taken
effect. According to Bloomberg
Economics, Trump's actions will push the
average US tariff rate to 15.2%
with some countries facing duties as
high as 50%. The president says the
higher levies will slash trade deficits
and push companies to move manufacturing
to the US. Meanwhile, President Trump
and Russian President Putin are set to
meet in the coming days. The Kremlin
confirming the two sides have agreed on
a venue. Talks had been initially
considered to include Ukrainian
President Sinski, who posted on X this
morning that various peace meetings have
been discussed with German Chancellor
MS, including two bilateral and one
trilateral. And take a look at Eli Lily
shares. They are sinking 13% as
disappointing data on its new weight
loss pill is overshadowing a strong
second quarter. Lily beat on both the
top and bottom lines and it raised its
fullear revenue outlook. It now expects
to bring in 60 to 62 billion this year
with its obesity treatments continuing
to drive growth. But quite the plunge
this morning. That's Bloomberg Reef.
Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Chihara. Evidently in
Lily's pill study, patients in the
highest dose lost about 11% of their
body weight or 25 lbs and people were
looking for maybe 15% of their body
weight. That's essentially what people
were talking about. Well, potentially
they're going to get there, right? The
science just keeps getting better, but a
little concerning. That's a lot of
weight to lose in a short period of
time. Well, this was last year's story.
Maybe we're all getting back to fast
food this morning. Up next, piling on
levies.
You know, we put a 50% tariff on India
on oil. You're going to see a lot more.
>> So, this is a taste of
>> you're going to see a lot more. You're
going to see so much
>> secondary sanction.
>> Former NEC Deputy Director Everett
Eisenstat joins us next.
[Music]
It was supposed to be D-Day. It was
supposed to be the deadline for all of
the tariffs to go into effect. A lot of
concern about what this would mean for
businesses. Let's take a look at markets
to see all of that concern. And markets
are up. They're retracing some of the
gains from futures. Uh now just up about
610 of a percent for the S&P really led
by big tech. And you could see that with
the outperformance in NASDAQ. Yields
creeping just a touch higher. A focus
today on the 30-year auction at 1 p.m.
yesterday's 10 year a little soft 424 up
about uh two basis points and crude
prices just slightly higher $64.81
under surveillance this morning piling
on levies.
>> You know we put a 50% tariff on India on
oil. They're the second largest. They're
very close to China in terms of the
purchase of oil from Russia. Why are you
singling India out for these additional
sanctions?
>> It's only been eight hours, so let's see
what happens over the next
>> You're going to see a lot more.
>> So, this is a taste of
>> You're going to see a lot more. You're
going to see so much secondary
sanctions.
>> Here's the latest. President Donald
Trump threatening additional levies on
countries purchasing Russian oil as his
country specific tariff rates take
effect. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins
us now. Tyler, what's the latest on why
India has been pinpointed as the first
to really underscore this effort to use
tariffs in a negotiation with Russia?
>> Yeah, Hale Lisa. Well, it's clear that
the president hasn't been too happy with
India when it comes to the trade talks
and it looks like this is perhaps being
used in leverage for those negotiations
considering that India really saw a
reversal in fortune when it came to the
discussion since the country was long
prioritized. We saw Prime Minister Modi
be one of the first foreign leaders to
come to the US. In fact, India actually
put a whole lot of uh concessions on the
table pretty early on. You'll recall
they lowered tariffs on an array of
goods from luxury items to motorcycles.
Yet, they still ended up with this 25%
tariff rate. Now, President Trump though
said that India is really just the start
here, which leads us to questions on
which other countries could get these
so-called secondary tariffs. The
president did say potentially China
could be on that list. And while we did
hear the Treasury Secretary Scott
Bessant last week in Stockholm say that
he warned China against importing
sanctioned oil, we're starting to see
some top advisers really downplay that
and uh that idea, including senior trade
counselor Peter Navaro, for example,
considered to be rather hawkish, saying
yesterday that he doesn't really think
that the tariffs are going to be
ratcheted up that much higher. One of
the main reasons being that Beijing
would likely retaliate. And at this
point, both sides are just trying to
keep this deescalation in place. Though,
China is the leader when it comes to
importing Russian energy supplies. They
represent 47% of Russian oil exports,
followed by India at 37% and then Turkey
at 6%. But uh Lisa, at the end of the
day, our analysts at Bloomberg Economics
say that when it comes to India, those
barrels are just going to be diverted
into the market elsewhere, which really
means that this administration is likely
looking at some other economic penalties
when it comes to forcing Russia to the
table. We had our Bloomberg News
reporting yesterday, according to a
person familiar, that the White House is
looking at adding new sanction sanctions
on Moscow's covert fleet of oil tankers,
and that potentially could be on the
table next. Blicks, Tyler Kendall, thank
you so much for being with us. Joining
us now is former NEC Deputy Director
Everett Eisenstad. Everett, thank you so
much for being with us. I want to just
start with what we know today in terms
of the tariffs that have gone on, the
details of that, and what's to come over
the next three weeks.
>> Well, this is a really big day. You
know, the president has been signaling
these tariffs on the way for well since
since he was elected on January 20th
with his America first trade agenda, and
he's put different measures to kind of
tease out the rates and and different
methodologies using different statutes.
And now we've come to the place where
today they're actually going to go into
effect. And we know what the tariff
rates are going to be on the reciprocal
tariffs for particular countries. You
have some of them up there. Um, as you
noted, they range from 15 to 50%. um and
for different purposes. We also have a
number of the sectoral tariffs in place
in addition to investment commitments
from some of our trading partners. So
there's a lot of the president's trade
agenda that is now in place uh including
the framework agreements. Now the
framework agreements are going to be a
guidepost really about how to move
forward with these economies. They're
not perfect. They need continued uh
negotiation, but they do demonstrate uh
directionality. So I think we've got a
bit more clarity than we did a few
months ago and we really have now see
what the president's agenda is going to
look like in operation.
>> When it comes to the president's agenda
though, there's two countries that it
does seem like they're still in
negotiating mode. India and Switzerland.
Do you think we're going to see those
rates come down?
>> I do. Uh certainly with Switzerland. I
look at the, you know, US Swiss
relationship and it is so uh
interconnected and we're such important
allies. I think the Swiss were a bit
shocked candidly at the rate. Um, I
don't know if that was just a botched
negotiation or or how they ended up in
one of the highest rates in in the in
the world. Of course, a lot of it has to
do with the trade deficit and how the
president sees that trade deficit, but
there's a lot that we share with uh with
with with Switzerland, particularly on
intelligence and things of that nature.
So, I think that one it will come to uh
settlement at some point. In fact, they
were in Washington uh yesterday seeking
to find a framework deal. India is a
much much more complicated equation.
That one as was noted was started out
with such a great uh dynamic between
President Modi and and President Trump
and really has deteriorated and and if
anything they've become more polarized
um o over over time and almost every day
>> when it comes to well when it comes to
India is the president basically putting
geopolitical priorities um in terms of
Russia ahead of some of the economic
priorities. I I think it's a combination
of both and if you noted that um the
secondary sanctions which are a new
concept um that the president actually
authorized himself to deploy not just
against India but other countries uh
yesterday are being used on India not
China. So I think it's selective, but I
think it's a tool that he will use and
when he feels like a relationship is not
moving in the right direction. He'll use
every tool he can to get leverage and if
it's a geopolitical reason then that's
certainly a valid reason to do that. Um
so I think it's a combination of
factors. It's going to take some work
and time to to rebalance that
relationship. Um I don't know that it's
going to happen soon but we but we're
definitely going to have to watch. And
of course the secondary sanctions as
noted new tool could have new dynamics
for other economies. So that's going to
be an important concept that that we'll
need to keep our eye on.
>> Everett, does it sound like something
that is going to be used with China? Is
that sort of the uh objective here? Not
only to pressure Russia, but also to put
this on uh the table ahead of some sort
of XiTrump meeting to say we could go
there too.
>> It it could I mean we tried that, right?
The president put prohibitive tariffs on
China. that didn't work out so well. It
really was incredibly disruptive and and
China responded by withholding exports
of of materials that were needed for
manufacturing in the United States. So,
I'm not sure they want to go there again
that quickly, but the fact that the tool
is there um is definitely a signal and
we'll see how the relationship between
the US and China unfolds. The president
wants to get to a place with China where
we can have a more productive
relationship. I think that's clear. He's
moving in that direction. I think
putting sanctions on China, secondary
sanctions would not lead to that goal.
So I don't expect that to happen in the
near term. On the other hand, he is
meeting with uh Russia and so in many
ways these sanctions could be as a
message to Russia as much as they are to
India and China. U but again new tool
it's unprecedented that the president
has used tariffs in in ways that
couldn't have even been imagined really
uh to you know prior to his election.
So, I'm sure there's a lot more
creativity there. Uh, and it's
something, you know, that's going to
continue to be a factor even though
we've got a lot of the central elements
of the president's trade agenda in
place. Now,
>> Ever Eisenad, a former NEC deputy
director, thank you so much for being
with us as we do look through the uh
more than 15% rate and understand what
exactly the ramifications will be for
the US economy. So a lot of question
marks including all of the exemptions
that could potentially be put in place
for auto manufacturers for example in
South Korea.
>> You have to look at all the fine print
when it comes to these trade deals
because there will be carveouts and
there will be exemptions which is giving
basically the market some breathing room
and looking through some of okay this
isn't the worst case scenario even
though the baseline for a lot of
countries is 15% not the 10%. What's so
interesting about China and India and
Heidi Recker brought this up yesterday.
The Wall Street Journal editorial board,
the top of their opinion pieces talking
about it today. Trump is going after
India, but for decades, Republicans and
Democrats have been courting India to be
a counterweight to China. So this is one
way he's using geopolitics try to
benefit one situation when it comes to
Russia's invasion of Ukraine. But does
it hurt the administration when it comes
to that counterweight to Beijing,
>> which is uh what some people are
arguing? We're also seeing the president
this morning out in truth social talking
about the way we measure the population
in the United States saying, "I have
instructed our Department of Commerce to
immediately begin work on a new and
highly accurate census based on
modern-day facts and figures." Talking
about what information was gained during
the prior presidential election, talking
about how people in the country
illegally will not be counted. A real
question here about whether some of the
economic data is going to be
increasingly politicized. I knew you
were going to go there cuz you have been
on this correct rant about how we should
have better data. Partially, a lot of
people would say to have better data,
the Trump administration needs to lift
their own hiring freeze so they can get
more statisticians in the BLS. We're
going to be talking more about that and
what the ramifications are for corporate
executives with the CEO of Hyatt Hotels.
This is next.
[Music]
markets digesting the tariffs going into
effect today with ease. You're seeing uh
futures push higher throughout the
morning off earlier highs though
throughout the morning just losing a
little bit of steam. Up 7/10en of a
percent on the S&P. Russell 2000
climbing more than 1% as there is
currently a 95% chance of a Fed rate cut
in September. And NASDAQ certainly
leading the charge after a lot of people
saying that the semiconductor tariffs
were less than some of them had been
expecting. Two hours away from the cash
open. Here are your morning movers for
the hier on antihira. Hi Lisa. We start
with Eli Liy the latest company to
report results but shares are plunging 9
and a half% but it was not because of
the results. Those were solid. It's
because just ahead of those earnings. We
got data from its latest obesity pill
trial and it came in short of
expectations. On average, patients lost
11% of their body weight. Investors were
hoping for weight loss of 14 to 15% in
order to match Novo notice shot WGOI,
but their hopes have been dashed and
they are punishing the stock for it.
Moving on to tech. Look at all these
companies rallying on the back of
Apple's announcement that it will invest
another $100 billion in US
manufacturing. Apple up another 2 and
3/4% corning up 4.3% because Apple plans
to invest $2.5 billion dollars in its
longtime glass producer. And now all
glass used in Apple products will be
made in the US. Meanwhile, Global
Foundaries, a chip manufacturer also
rallying 7.8% 8% because it is another
Apple partner doubling down on US
production. And sticking on tech, we
have TSMC shares. They are rising 5.5%
trading at record highs after Taiwan
confirmed that the chipmaker will be
exempt from Trump's proposed 100%
tariffs on semiconductor imports thanks
to its massive investments here in the
US. Because like Apple, it too made a
splashy announcement at the White House.
and it made that announcement all the
way back in March before the tariff
chaos of April even started. So in
hindsight, I'm sure they're very happy
with that early move. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yhira, it does seem
like you have to look at the fine print
given 100% tariffs with a big butt after
about who's exempt.
>> Exactly. Then you look at okay, who's
exempt is pretty much everyone, which is
the market is like, great, we can rally
on this news. It doesn't mean anything.
Shock and awe is what comes out of the
Oval Office. And then you take a step
back. Okay, there's a ton of exemptions.
We're fine. Well, we have to look at the
fine print uh for this. On our radar
this morning, President Trump's new
tariffs officially taking effect this
morning. Bloomberg Economics estimating
that the average US tariff rate is more
than 15%. That's well above last year's
2.3% and the highest level since the
World War II era. A real question of how
much we've already seen companies adapt
and adjust. And how much, to use Ben
Ladler's phrase, this is boiling the
frog. Well, for Ben Leler, he's
basically like, I don't want to touch
the United States right now because they
are weakening and these tariff rates are
going to make it incredibly more
challenging and you can get better
results elsewhere, especially when it
comes to high valuations. But then we
heard from Kelsey Barrow who's like,
"Our team did the research. We did 10 to
20% on tariffs and the bottom line is it
will hurt earnings a little bit. It will
crimp them a bit, but for the most part,
companies in America will be fine. What
I find interesting about today is that
this does feel like for most countries,
and you put it best at the top of the
show, for most countries, this is the
new rules of the road. These are the new
tariff rates, but there are still some
that are working out the administration
a potential deal. So, I think what's
going to be interesting in the next few
weeks, what do we see out of India and
what do we see out of Switzerland?
That's the negotiation side. I'm curious
about how much companies are going to
increase prices. not necessarily have
they already, but are they going to ELF
Beauty in commentary yesterday just as
an example saying overall retailer
acceptance has been good for our price
increases and saying you will probably
see more companies take pricing upward.
Meanwhile, we're watching Apple shares
getting more expensive. Well, those
prices are rid rising after the company
unveiled plans to spend another hundred
billion dollars on domestic
manufacturing. President Trump promising
to exempt companies that move production
back to the United States from his 100%
tariff on chips. A real question here,
how much of this investment was already
planned? How much of this investment is
actually new on top of what had already
been uh discussed?
>> Well, the majority of it was already
planned. They just sweetened the deal a
bit more and get a higher number. Also,
this is going to take years, if not
decades. So, potentially, will we see
all of this actually come to fruition?
But it was enough for Apple to get an
exemption. And we saw Tim Cook do this
in Trump 1.0. What do I need to do to
make sure I can get a carveout? What is
interesting and Yahra brought it up this
corning leading to Apple suppliers
higher this morning. They are basically
saying Apple at some point will 100%
have the glass that covers your Apple
iPhone or your Apple Watch made in the
United States. At the end of the day,
that is what the president wants to see.
He wants to see a carrot and stick
approach when it comes to this tariff
policy.
>> He also wants to see lower rates.
President Trump signaling he will
nominate a temporary Fed governor to
fill the open seat vacated tomorrow from
Adriana Cougler saying he's considering
quote probably three candidates for the
position adding they could come from
Wall Street. We all come from Wall
Street. He said a real question here
about why a temporary Fed official what
would be the role if someone knew they
only had a couple of months before they
would be replaced. So I tal I broke the
story with SEA Mosen yesterday and the
president basically confirmed it. We're
looking at this temporary option and you
have to think what who wants to do that.
You basically leave your job for four
months. I think there's two paths to
look at it. One is this a temporary
option as a trial period for someone to
see how they do. Does the president like
this individual that potentially could
get either the full nod to have a seat
at the Fed or become the new Fed chair
or is this someone that is overtly
political? The president just wants to
send a message right now. He does love a
little bit of drama. potentially wants
to send a message and get someone that
is really brought up through the MAGA
base. Someone like we talked for
earlier, a bit more of an unconventional
pick when it comes to James Fishbach
talking about maybe cutting rates by 100
basis points in September. The question
about how much this will actually ripple
through the economy is an important one.
Turning to the travel industry, Hayatt
reinstating its fullear guidance after
its second quarter earnings beat
estimates. Bloomberg's Danny Burgerer
joins us now with a special guest.
Danny,
>> Lisa, thank you so much. It is such an
important earning season for just that,
understanding the consumer and their
sensitivity to this economy. I'm pleased
to say joining us now is someone who
understands the consumer very well. It
is Mark Hoplamasian, the CEO and
president of Hyatt. Mark, thank you so
much for joining this morning. You're
out with earnings moments ago. Earlier
this year, you had to cut earnings
because of your outlook on some of the
weaker reservation trends going forward.
You've mostly held on to that look. So,
what if anything has changed for the
consumer and the demand you're seeing?
>> Well, Danny, first of all, thanks for
having me. Um, you know, the first point
that I have to make is that travel is
extraordinarily resilient. Um, it's
become a necessity for both leisure
travelers and for business travelers.
Uh, the second quarter was a weaker
quarter for business travel. Uh but
leisure held up really really strongly
and our US resorts were up uh mid-s
single digits for the first half of the
year. Europe was up almost 7% um in
leisure. Um so leisure especially the
luxury seg in the luxury segments which
uh luxury has been up about 6 or 7% year
to date as well. Um the higherend
customer which is the our core customer
base with 70% of our portfolio and
luxury and and and full service is alive
and well. Um, so I would say a couple of
things have happened right now. Uh, the
first is that our largest corporate
customers have told us they're not
they're going to lean in and uh,
continue to travel and they're making
more commitments of especially for
customerf facing events and and
meetings. The second thing that happened
is that uh, we saw bookings for 2026
really improve for big group meetings.
And third, the conference board and the
and the um business council released the
CEO their CEO uh sentiment survey this
morning and things have turned. Uh now
tariffs and and um and volatility have
uh declined to number three on the list
um from number one and their outlook
with respect to potential recession has
dropped dramatically. So I think the
attitude and mindset for a lot of CEOs
is is shifting. Mark, that's very
fascinating because the tariff picture
is still invol evolving as we go on. So,
are there any pockets where you're still
seeing those fears of economic anxiety
or to your point, is it now confidence
restored?
>> No. Um, we are and in a word, it's
China. Um the caution and uh
conservatism in China is is clear and a
lot of people are uncertain about what a
so-called tariff war or the tariff
picture might do to the economy overall.
Uh there's an increasing uh I think body
of thought that says that uh Beijing
pays a lot of attention to sentiment and
uh the sentiment is definitely one of
very significant caution right now. So I
think there's an expectation that
sometime in the fall there may be policy
shifts that alleviate some of that and
and bring back a stimulus for growth. So
I would say
>> if I could just jump in because I wanted
to get to luxury because you mentioned
that this is one of the strong suits and
really resilient. Of course, you've
doubled down on the luxury strategy,
too. But it is a time where there is
more competition and maybe that
aspirational traveler needs a little bit
more convincing that they should be
paying up for the a thousand plus a
night type of all-inclusive resort. So,
what do you need to do in terms of
strategy to convince them that paying up
is worth it?
>> Well, um, our all-inclusive business is
up 6 or 7% year to date. Uh, 8% if you
include Europe. It's been wildly
resilient. We are the leader in
five-star uh luxury all-inclusive
resorts. I think the certainty of what
your vacation will cost you and the
experience on property where our
colleagues are not um thinking about or
engaged in um how much something costs
but rather full-on uh humanto human
service makes a difference to people.
And uh so the format is really really
proven to be very very popular and and
uh we'll continue to do so. We just
closed um on the acquisition of PIA
Hotels and Resorts, 2,600 new hotel
rooms in premier beachfront locations
and we have a deal to sell all the real
estate. So we will maintain our asset
light status. Um it's a great deal and
uh adds $65 million in new fees uh to
our run rate. So I think um we're we're
quite pleased with that. Um, so we're
definitely doubling down on luxury, and
we're definitely doubling down on on
all-inclusive.
>> Well, Mark, just to that point, it's
been a really hot summer, a really
hectic summer. I think a lot of people
are looking in for inspiration of where
to travel right now. Where is the most
demand? Where are you seeing most people
go to? What's in fashion right now?
>> Yeah, I would say uh the uh US traveler
has uh headed to Europe uh this summer.
We thought we would see a massive
decline from last year given the
Olympics and and Taylor Swift, but uh
they're back in Europe and Europeans are
staying in Europe. Um but um I would say
the uh diversity of of destinations has
increased a lot of uh interest in
Central and South America. Um and the
Caribbean and Mexico continues to be uh
in great demand uh both amongst
Europeans and the Canadian volume into
our Mexican and Caribbean resorts h is
significantly above last year. Um a lot
of people have talked about the flyover
effect where Canadians are heading uh
over the US to get to Mexican and
Caribbean destinations and we're seeing
it significantly.
>> All right, so Europe staying in Europe,
Canadians skipping over the US.
Definitely a trend there. Mark, thank
you so much for joining us this morning.
Mark Hoplamasian, the CEO of Hyatt.
Lisa, you are seeing a rebound in
business travel, but China remains a
weak spot.
>> Yeah, that's something that has been a
theme for a number of US companies.
Danny Burger, great work. Thank you so
much uh for that. Right now, we are
getting another truth social. Uh it is
an active morning for President Trump on
truth. He is saying the CEO of Intel is
highly conflicted and must resign
immediately. There is no other solution
to this problem. Uh the CEO took over
from Pat Gellzinger. Uh and what we are
seeing is the shares with an immediate
knee-jerk reaction pre-market trading
futures lower uh by now 1 and a half% as
people try to understand what exactly
the ramifications for this are. What the
motivation for President Trump's
tweeting about this this morning and
this just continues the theme that we've
seen in Marie that you do see a response
in stock markets on the heels of a lot
of these pronouncements. Well, on the
motivation front, what we saw yesterday,
Reuters report, an exclusive report was
that also an ally of the president in
the Senate, Tom Cotton, sent a letter to
Intel, uh, questioning the new Chipmaker
CEO. He's been in the office, as you
said, for a year about, um, his
connection and ties to Chinese firms.
And that seems to be a concern, at least
from some senators, Republican senators,
who are very hawkish on China. Maybe the
president is getting a little bit of of
briefing from them and wants to air this
out. He's not explaining what his issues
are, but when he says highly conflicted,
it seems to be talking about this letter
that Senator Cotton sent to Intel.
>> Yeah. And a real question about what
this means with respect to tariffs and
whether they get targeted uh with
something more substantial. We'll follow
that uh story this morning. Is it just a
truth social post or is there uh some
sort of uh oomph behind it to try to
penalize the company until there is some
sort of changing of the guards? Right
now, let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning. Here's your
Bloomberg brief with the Hierantra. Hi,
Lisa. President Donald Trump declared
plans to slap a 100% tariff on
semiconductor imports, but promised to
exempt companies that move production
back to the US. Trump shared his
intentions alongside Apple's Tim Cook,
who announced it plans to invest an
additional $100 billion in domestic
manufacturing.
Meanwhile, Switzerland's government is
holding an emergency meeting today to
consider the fallout from President
Trump's 39% tariff rates. This after
President Karine Keller Sutter failed to
make a trade deal and avert the highest
US levies on any developed country. The
federal council will issue a public
statement after the extraordinary
meeting. Meanwhile, shares of Warner
Brother Discovery are rising 2.3% after
the media giant reported earnings that
beat estimates. The company also topped
total subscriber expectations, adding
over 3 million new subscribed viewers in
the quarter. Its studios unit has been
on a Hollywood hot streak with revenue
rising 55% to $3.8 billion. That's your
Bloomberg brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Shihara up next.
Looking for the next rotation.
>> We see a broad rotation out into
everything else. You're starting to see
it already. The overall market's really
not that expensive. We think it's the
rest of the market where there's value.
>> Mike Pile of Black Rockck joining us
next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
If you came into this year on April 2nd
and said a lot of those tariffs would
stick and that we'd be looking at more
than a 15% average tariff rate across
the board, you would probably expect
stocks to really be having some issues
digesting this. Right now, you're seeing
futures up uh uh pretty much across the
board. 67 of a percent gain on the S&P.
You're seeing a bigger gain on the
Russell 2000, more than a percent on the
futures. Dollar weakness has been a
theme. You are seeing that reverse just
a touch today. uh and yields just
continuing to creep higher but still
hovering around that 4 and a/4 to 450 uh
level today. They are 424 tomorrow. We
do see uh potentially the ramifications
of a 30 30-year auction later today.
Under surveillance this morning, looking
for the next rotation,
>> the next 12 months, we see a broad
rotation out into everything else.
You're starting to see it already. The
overall market's really not that
expensive. Once you take out the MAG 7,
which are kind of special, exceptional
companies globally, right? You take them
out, the rest of the market's trading
around 1920 times. We don't think that's
an unreasonable level, and we think it's
the rest of the market where there's
value right now in the market.
>> Here's the latest. Traders continuing to
buy the dip with the S&P 500 up nearly
1% after a slide on a weak ISM data
earlier this week. Mike Pile of Black
Rockck writing this. We do not believe
this is an environment for taking big
bets on macro trends. Mike joins us now.
Mike, a lot of people would agree with
you because that has been definitely a
pain trade. We have seen though even in
the micro space some pain trades with
respect to the huge moves after uh
earnings as well as some policy
pronouncements like we're seeing this
morning with Intel. So, how do you find
an advantage in a market that is so
bespoke and idiosyncratic? Yeah, I mean
I think a key word for investors now and
always is diversification. Uh that's
true when you think about asset
allocation. It's also true when you
think about Alpha. And I've, you know,
been on the show a couple times, talked
about some of the advantages of
systematic strategies. One of those
advantages is they've got a bunch of
different uh bunch of different
strategies, a highly diversified set of
strategies uh to harvest alpha from new
sources of data. And in a world where
there's a lot of uncertainty, where the
macro trends could go in a bunch of
different ways, finding sources of
alpha, where there are a lot of them,
where they're well diversified, allows
the greatest probability of harvesting
consistent alpha over time.
>> What you just said there, harvesting
different data sets, how much is that of
renewed importance? Is there real
questions around the integrity of some
of the gold standards that so many
market participants have relied on?
Listen, you know, I don't uh envy the
job of the official statisticians these
days. You know, the uh world is
complicated. It's being buffeted by a
lot of shocks and they're having to do
their jobs. Uh in a world where, you
know, survey response levels are are way
down. You know, you see that challenge
in political polling. You see that
challenge everywhere survey data is
important. And you see it with the
official statisticians as well. One of
the things we do in BlackRock and again
particular uh around some of our
systematic efforts is really look
holistically at a full range of
alternative data sets that zero in on
things like how are prices moving in the
economy? How is hiring moving in the
economy? Try to provide a more holistic
picture beyond just the official sources
of data. And importantly, where you see
divergences between those alternative
sources of data and what the official
data is saying that can be a source, a
signal to identify alpha uh over time as
well.
>> You worked on both Pennsylvania Avenue
and Wall Street. What would be your
advice to get better data out of the
government? Listen, I think um you know
the important thing is uh to continue to
have a credible independent process for
generating um official data. Uh at the
same time, you know, I think like I
said, I don't envy them their job. I
think that this is a really challenging
world world where the traditional
methodologies are increasingly uh under
challenge. Uh again, not just within the
official data keepers, but really
anywhere in the world that's using
survey data. And so maintaining both a
credible independent process but also
one that uh is given the space to uh
update itself methodologically,
thoughtfully, rigorously and I think
that's the the path ahead.
>> When it comes to policy in Washington,
are you surprised by how sanguin the
markets have been to some of these
higher tariff rates and certain trading
partners?
you I think we talked a bit about this
last time that that you know markets
right now the economy right now I think
requires holding a couple of different
divergent thoughts in your head at the
same time. You know on one hand you know
tariffs are a source of uncertainty. Uh
tariffs are uh a source of a negative
growth shock uh a shock in terms of the
price level higher. We're seeing that
now play out on the data. At the same
time on the flip side uh the US and in
particular US corporates and in
particular US corporates in the
technology sector are the world's
leaders in innovation dynamism provide
investors around the world exposure to
something that they can get nowhere
else. And so I think when you look to
square the what we're seeing in markets
with what we're seeing in the economy,
that's kind of the source of or the key
to unlock it that yeah, this is a a
shock where growth is lower and
inflation is higher, but it's also the
case that there's incredible dynamism.
Investors want exposure to that around
the world.
>> Well, to something that you just said,
you said inflation is higher, and this
is something that a lot of people are
rejecting. They're saying that the
weakness that's going to come on the
heels of some of these tariffs. These
are going to act as constraints to the
market and to uh growth and that will be
disinflationary. You don't really see it
that way and that's one of the reasons
why you don't see bonds as the same kind
of diversifier as they have been in the
past. Right.
>> Yeah. I mean I would say you know both
these things are true that this is a um
shock higher with respect to the level
of the price of goods. Uh that's playing
out and will play out. Uh at the same
time there will be disinflationary
uh impacts that spread out over time as
growth is lower and demand is lower in
part because of what we're seeing. So on
balance I think folks are right who say
you know these two forces are kind of
counterbalancing one another. What I
would say is there's there's an issue
about how this plays out over time. The
impact on goods happens in the here and
now. That impact on disinflation from
lower demand plays out over quarters and
years. And so I think that's that's
important to keep in mind as well. But I
think you're also exactly right that you
know we don't see the same role for
bonds as diversifiers. that said as you
know Rick Reer my colleague has talked
about this is a really historic
opportunity to generate income through
fixed income assets and so identifying
your sources of diversification
elsewhere like through market neutral
strategies while recognizing that fixed
income can play a role in generating
income and income in a historic way
that's maybe the role of fixed income
right now
>> Mike Pile thank you so much for being
with us this morning Mike Pile of Black
Rockck there as we try to understand
exactly how market participants are
spending uh their August amid a slew of
headlines signs that most people seem to
be looking beyond.
>> Well, we know one thing they're doing.
They're ratcheting up these bets that
the Fed is going to cut rates in
September because before that jobs
report, it was at 40%. Now, it's at 95%.
And you see other members of the FOMC
lining up with the double denters and
saying maybe it is time we have to
actually cut interest rates by 25 basis
points, not by more, which some people
would argue would be necessary,
particularly at uh on Pennsylvania
Avenue. Coming up, Kate Moore of City
Wealth, Tom Forte of Max Group, Sema
Shaw of Principal Asset Management, and
Tom Orle of Bloomberg Economics as they
build this conversation. What is the new
neutral rate? What is the right rate of
inflation to expect in the future? This
is Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]
The market's moving more on headlines
than it is actually on data.
>> You can't underweight tech. You still
have to be where growth resides. The
tech AI spending is the juggernaut
that's empowering this market higher.
The next 12 months, we see a broad
rotation out into everything else.
>> There's some concern right here where we
are, but people want to be invested in
this market.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. And welcome back to
Bloomberg surveillance as we wait for
jobless claims in about a half an hour
time. Lots of tariffs across the board.
Tariffs, tariffs, tariffs, and markets
are taking it all in stride. Meanwhile,
a rate cut from the Bank of England
putting the focus squarely on Fed
officials as we hear an openness from
more US policy makers to potentially cut
rates in the next month. A real question
here about how much this market really
is absorbing the tariff threat. Well,
right now they've been absorbing the
uncertainty and now companies are going
to have to look through see the actual
rates that come into effect. They are
now going to come into effect officially
for a host of these countries unless a
few are still negotiating with the
United States and they're going to have
to figure out how are they across their
supply chain going to be able to digest
these rates. And what Kelsey Barrow said
is that we did they did the model 10 to
20%. It might hurt earnings a little bit
but it's not going to completely destroy
corporate America which is why the
market is just looking for this and
that's the reason why you are seeing
futures pushing higher as we do wait for
the jobless claims. A real focus right
now on just what the economic
ramification does look like. Right now
it looks like big tuck will save all and
uh the Russell 2000 gaining on the
prospect of rate cuts but the labor
market report that we got on Friday.
Then the seglationary type of ISM
services data really puts a spotlight on
some of the downside surprises that some
people have been worried about. Jobless
is going to be really important today
given the fact that we heard from Lisa
Cook yesterday talking about the fact
that she is uncomfortable with what's
going on in the labor market. She finds
it concerning quote these revisions are
somewhat typical of turning points. Also
Neil Kosh Curry we have to be cutting in
the next few months. Well you don't have
a ton of months left. You know, we're 6
months left for the rest of the year and
the market is pricing a 95% chance of a
cut in September and more individuals
are now starting to line up with
Governor Waller and Governor Bowman.
>> Yeah. And a real question about exactly
what a temporary Fed member might look
like to replace
in terms of what that person's role
actually will be. Right now, we have
been seeing in markets a calm a little
bit of yields higher, particularly on
the long end after yesterday's 10-year
auction. Later today, we do see a
30-year auction of Treasury notes as
people wonder how willing international
investors will be to keep coming to the
United States. Right now, yields two
basis points higher on the long end.
10-year yields 2.5%.
Coming up this hour, Kate Moore of City
Wealth as markets digest President
Trump's latest tariffs. Tom Forte of
Maxim Group is Apple reaches a deal with
the White House with great fanfare
yesterday. and Yolena Shulyatea of the
Conference Board reacting to the latest
read on the US labor market and maybe
some alternative sources of data as
people wonder about how much you can
glean from some of these indicators. We
begin this hour with stocks higher as
sweeping new tariffs come into effect.
Kate Moore of City has been cautioning
people recently writing this. We view
nearly newlyannounced tariffs as a
headwind to further equity upside. We
are moving to a new phase of policy and
trade uncertainty. Kate joins us now.
Kate, thank you so much for being with
us. You've been cautious. You've been
cautious for a while. You're still
cautious. What makes you hold on to this
position even though a lot of people
have been saying it's a pain trade?
Yeah. So, I mean, maybe we need to
separate this out. I have been cautious,
concerned with some of the policy
headwinds, with some of the challenges
that individuals have in terms of making
spending decisions. That doesn't mean
we've been underweight equities. These
two things are are not the same. We have
been neutral weight equities, but we
prefer to express our view, you know, up
in quality like a lot of people and more
concentrated in the kind of the mega
caps and the secular growers. So, if I
felt really really like we were going to
be in an accelerating growth phase, I'd
be rotating more into the small caps as
something more than um a trade and into
like a kind of an investment. But that's
not it. So, my caution expresses itself
in more of a neutral waiting and a bias
towards high quality and a bias towards
large caps. Although there is this issue
of valuation at a time when everybody's
hiding out in this. So at what point
does that become a concern for you given
the fact that everyone's hiding out in
these mega caps and big tech has been
the story yet again of the year? You
know Lisa, I would be a little bit more
uh concerned if the companies didn't put
up good numbers in the second quarter,
right? You know, multiples can stay high
for extended periods of time. They can
stay stay cheap for extended periods of
time. And we're in an era where a lot of
information gets priced into shares very
very quickly. So, you know, there's this
mispricing that maybe some of us grew up
with in earlier stages of our careers um
is less likely to persist and things are
expensive because they have secular
earnings uh because they have an ability
to grow through all parts of the
economic cycle because they're in the
fastest rivers. You know, this is I
think justified for some of these mega
caps. Even if I look at some of these
numbers and like many people feel a
little uncomfortable,
>> everyone on the street is talking about
how they want to be a buyer of the
pullback.
>> Well, oh yeah,
>> when's the pullback? How big of a
pullback can we get in that environment?
You know, I think that's right. You
know, we've looked at, you know,
seasonality like everyone else and said
August and September weaker times. We
tend to get some of these air pockets.
You know, I have perhaps a little bit
more cautious stance on some of the
tariffs that hit today. And this is what
I would say. Everyone's saying if we get
a 5% pullback or a 7% pullback, you
know, they'd go all in. They'd back up
the truck. The problem is is that no
one's going to wait for those levels. I
think these pullbacks are going to be
quite shallow. Even if we get a decent
amount of volatility through what is
normally a seasonally weaker period, the
uncertainty around tariffs on the other
side of the coin, you are looking at
potentially the incentives for the one
big beautiful bill. Are we starting to
see that now actually take effect?
>> I don't think corporates really know how
to guide us on this one. So, I hear a
lot of people say, "Hey, we're only
talking about a 15% give or take like
effective tariff rate. It's not that
much." Of course, we all know how much
it is relative to where we ended 2024.
But the bigger question I have is when
people make these assumptions about it
not having a large impact. How are they
splitting the cost between the
suppliers, the company, and the end
consumer? And everyone has a lot of
assumptions baked into why it won't be a
big, you know, deal for XYZ company. So,
um, and companies don't know what to
say. They don't know how much they're
going to be able to push. I think a lot
of what's happened since the April 2nd
tariff announcements has been companies
have been eating some of this in their
margins or they've been spreading out
costs across a variety of different
products or they've been holding off an
investment, you know, trying to fund as
much of it as possible. But as some of
these things get baked in for longer
periods of time, there's going to be
more durable impact impact on both
margins and on the consumer and frankly
I don't know either exactly what that
looks like.
>> Do you think it's going to be worse in
the US than the rest of the world?
>> I think it's going to be worse in a I
think it's going to be bad in a number
of places. I will say that US companies
and consumers are going to feel the
pain. And I think we're at the very
beginning stages of seeing some of the
tariff impacts on good price goods
prices. Whether or not that changes the
consumption um you know or appetite for
like the average household, I'm not
sure. Or whether we see as we've we've
heard from some of the retailers
spreading out tariff costs across a
variety of products that otherwise would
not be directly hit um in order to make
sure that people still come into the
store and that we don't see a
significant decline in retail sales.
Well, I guess I I'm I'm wondering how
much of the dollar weakening story is
really pegged to this ongoing belief
that the United States is going to
suffer the brunt of any kind of economic
slowdown on the heels of tariffs that's
been challenged certainly with some
earnings, certainly with some of the
rates that we've seen as well as the
commentary out of central banks. I mean,
how much do you lean into that versus
push back against it and say, "Hold on a
second." When you actually look at the
corporate earnings, they're still
outperforming in the US in a significant
way.
>> Yeah. I mean I guess you know the the
conversation we were having in the
beginning part of this year about the
end of US exceptionalism was really like
is really not going to play itself out
in the equity market in my view. You
know if we get fewer buyers or fewer
marginal buyers of you know long
duration US bonds or people thinking
about their currency exposures that's
one thing but we still have to invest if
you're a global multi-asset investor and
equity investor in the highest quality
companies that are serving all parts of
the world. And unfortunately for those
people that didn't want to own the US,
much of those many of those are US
companies.
>> If you think we're in the start of
potentially the impact of the tariffs on
inflation, what does the Fed do?
>> Gosh, I am so glad I'm not a Fed policy
maker. This is an incredibly difficult
time.
>> What are you baking in? It's going to
impact corporate America.
>> I think it's very likely that we will
see some easing, but I think the Fed is
in a really difficult place here. You
know, if they cut while the labor market
is frozen but not deteriorating, right?
I think we need to distinguish and uh
inflation is continuing to percolate.
You know, people are going to ask ask
themselves like, you know, if the Fed is
really anchored to this 2% target or
getting to that 2% target and we've been
above that 2% target for 4 years and the
labor market is frozen but not
deteriorating. You know, can we believe
them frozen now or deteriorated?
>> Well, we haven't seen huge layoffs at
this point, right? you know, job wrecks
not failed for sure and we certainly see
a lot of companies talk about slowing
down their hiring. But from my
perspective, I can't disagregate how
much of that is because of tariffs and
economic uncertainty and how much of it
is because the technology they're
investing in may displace workers. I
mean, these things are all happening
concurrently. Right now, you see a
market pricing in 50 basis points of
rate cuts. Yeah. If the Fed were to cut
more this year, does that make you more
bearish on longer term treasuries?
It makes me cautious I think on
longerterm treasuries. You know, we have
had a more cautious stance. I think it's
very consensus for a lot of us in the
multi-asset space to have been really
anchored to the, you know, short
duration. Um, and we're all waiting for
an opportunity to add to duration. I
just uh I'm just not excited about it in
the near term. Kate Moore, thank you so
much for being with us as always. Kate
Moore of City Wealth, always wonderful
to have her in studio. Right now, let's
get you an update on stories elsewhere.
Here is your Bloomberg brief with Yahara
Anna. Khira, hi Lisa. President Trump is
urging the CEO of Intel to resign,
saying in a truth social post he is
highly conflicted and there is no other
solution to the problem. The post comes
after Trump's ally, Senator Tom Cotton,
asked Intel's board chairman about the
CEO's ties to China. Meanwhile,
President Trump indicating he'll likely
nominate a temporary instead of a
permanent Fed governor to Adriana
Kubler's soon-to-be vacant seat this
week. Trump also reiterated that he
considers the two Kevin Worsh and Hasset
as top picks to replace Fed chair Jerome
Powell. Fed Governor Cougler announced
she plans to vacate her role tomorrow.
And President Trump met with city CEO
Jane Fraser to pitch public stock
offerings for Fanny May and Freddy Mack.
Sources telling us here at Bloomberg
Fraser met with Trump to discuss the
bank's possible involvement in
monetizing the mortgage giants. The
firms have been under government
conservatorship since the 2008 financial
crisis. That's your Bloomberg brief.
Felisa,
>> thank you so much. Yhira. Up next, the
morning calls. Plus, Tom Forte of Maxim
Group on Apple's return to the White
House. Tim Cook back in diplomat form
and seeing the share price up more than
5% yesterday with more gains ahead at
least in futures. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[Music]
you've seen these big moves in the
stocks. They come in with really good
earnings and everybody's like, "Well,
the move's already happened or that
wasn't so much better than I expected
that it's going to it's going to push it
again further." So I think this is to me
a little bit worrying because you want
to see those good earnings be rewarded
but I think that the market just keeps
moving sort of relentlessly higher
especially on the technology side and
those earnings better be able to fill
into that and I think that is a little
bit more of a turn than we saw earlier
in the beginning of earning season that
high bar is definitely catching a lot of
people's attention that was Sarah Hunt
of Al Alpine Saxon Woods as we do see
more gains across the board futures
higher up cents of a percent on the S&P
just fading slightly throughout the
morning. You do see uh NASDAQ futures
outperforming that in the Russell 2000
really the big winner this morning.
Yields a little bit higher on the long
end. Yesterday's auction was a little
bit messy for the 10-year. Uh today we
do get 30-year yields. Dollar weakness a
little bit more strength actually after
the of England decision. We're
seeing 116 on the Euro dollar cross.
Time now for the morning calls. First
up, Morgan Stanley downgrading
Caterpillar to underweight, setting a
quote steady deterioration in its
fundamentals. Those shares lower by
4/10en of a percent. Next up, Wells
Fargo cutting its price target in Airbnb
to $110, saying its growth bets will
probably not move the needle. Those
shares sinking after yesterday's
earnings, down 7.3%. And finally, Bank
of America raising its price target on
Apple to $250,
saying it's likely to gain market share
as some products will likely be exempt
from tariffs. We do see this year's uh
higher in pre-market trading almost 3%
after yesterday's more than 5% gain on
the heels of that announcement in the
Rose Garden, as well as some of the
discussions around 100% tariffs on
semiconductors, but exempted for anyone
who produces anything in the United
States. Sticking with tech, President
Donald Trump calling on the CEO of Intel
to resign. The news comes after Senator
Tom Cotton wrote a letter to the
company's board about the CEO's ties to
China. Bloomberg's Mandep Singh joins us
now. Mandep, thank you so much for being
with us. What do we know? I mean, how
much is this something that's been
talked about?
Well, I mean clearly they have sent a
letter to the board and at this point I
feel like they'll look into what sort of
investments he has uh with companies in
China. I'm guessing it will be some sort
of a minority investment. He's not
involved in the day-to-day decision-m
but clearly it puts onus on the board to
figure out, you know, what they did do
as part of the due diligence. And uh I I
think it's too early to say if there
will be any action based on this. Every
morning it seems like we have boards.
Who's on the good list, the nice list,
and who's on the naughty list when it
comes to big tech in the White House. It
seems like Tim Cook has really clawed
his way back onto the nice list. Is
Intel being on the naughty list
essentially going to have some sort of
material impact to its business plan to
its effect uh from tariffs? I mean when
I look at you know semiconductor
manufacturing in the US right now Intel
and Global Foundaries are the two
companies that are doing this at scale
and so the fact that Intel has been
caught in the crosshairs it kind of puts
focus on the administration's plans to
bring manufacturing home because you
have to revive Intel to really revive
manufacturing semiconductor
manufacturing and yes Apple can talk
about the capex plans and you know
multi-year investment but even to start
a fab it's going to take 2 to 3 years.
So they can start a glass assembly or
you know glass manufacturing maybe in 12
to 24 months but for an advanced node
fab as we have seen with TSMC in Arizona
it takes a while and so Intel to me is
still the company that they need to
revive to be able to say that you know
semiconductor manufacturing can take
place and we can do this at the advanced
node level. Intel though did plead
guilty for violating US export control,
sending some of these semiconductors to
a military university in China just last
month. Do you see an emphasis now
potentially on this administration to
continue to ratchet up pressure with
China when it comes to export controls?
And what does that mean for a company
like AMD, which is still trying to get
licenses after the administration made a
U-turn on the most recent export control
in April?
>> Yeah, that's where the whole section 232
comes into play in terms of the
investigation that's going on. And look,
I mean, it's very hard for an Nvidia or
Intel or AMD to determine who the end
customer will be for their chips, right?
Because uh you know, they sell in bulk.
There's so many resellers in between
that you can't really even with location
tracking, it's hard to see exactly who
is using the chip and what's the use
case and so it's a hard problem to
solve.
>> Mandep Singh of Bloomberg Intelligence,
thank you so much. As we watch Intel
shares futures lower by about 3% after
that true social post by President
Trump. We do want to turn to Apple since
its shares and how much they rose
yesterday really drove a lot of the
rally. The surge came after Apple
committed to spending another hundred
billion dollars on domestic
manufacturing. Joining us now Tom Forte
of Maxim Group with a hold rating and a
201 target on the stock. Tom, thank you
so much for being with us. I wanted to
start with what we heard from yesterday.
How much did you see this as a really
bullish signal from Tim Cook?
>> Yeah. So, when you think about Apple or
just companies in general, you're trying
to determine how can they mitigate risks
as it relates to tariffs. And the good
news for Apple from yesterday's news is
that they're ramping their investment
spend in the US, uh, making themselves
over time less dependent on China. They
quantified the impact of tariffs once
again when they reported the June
quarter, projecting $1.1 billion
incremental expense in the September
quarter uh and increase from 800 million
in the June quarter. But I think the
reason the market's reacting favorably
is that they're positioning themselves
over time to be less dependent on China
and then potentially have less of an
impact from tariffs. less dependent on
China because they did move a lot of the
manufacturing as well and been trying to
to India. Are they now stuck in the
crosshairs when it comes to this spat
between India and the United States?
>> Okay, so the challenge for a lot of
companies including Apple is many have
moved their uh supply chain out of China
often into Southeast Asia only to find
that Vietnam's being tariffed at a high
rate. So the good news for Apple in
India is that they're focusing their
assembly there on the iPhones uh being
sold in the US and then using Vietnam
for essentially the rest of their
product set that's being sold to the US.
The iPhones for the most part are exempt
from tariffs. So uh were they to be
assembling more than iPhones in India
then I think there'd be greater tariff
risk to Apple in India right now
>> when it comes to Apple announcing this
extra hundred billion dollars in
investment how much of this do you
actually think comes to fruition and
what timeline
>> it's a 4-year horizon and I think that
um it's going to take time for the
factories to be built uh things of that
nature and a lot of what we're talking
about is Apple spending money with
suppliers and the suppliers are
US-based. So if you look at capex for
Apple, they talked about it increasing
to 3 billion a quarter from 2 billion a
quarter, but that's much less than
Amazon that went to 30 billion a quarter
from 25 billion. So a lot of this is
Apple spending with its suppliers,
having more of its suppliers US-based or
sourcing from the US.
>> My head's spinning, Tom. Honestly, for a
company like Apple, not only are they
dealing with tariff threats, where are
they going to manufacture the iPhone,
but they're also dealing with artificial
intelligence. How do they get a leg up
at a time when Samsung is in some ways
ahead of them? And then what do they do
with their presence over in China given
that that relationship between the US
and China is uh fraught and continues to
be? How do you put this together? What
is sort of the tell when it comes to
Apple and whether they are moving
forward with a longerterm strategy to
maintain the dominance that they have
over the smartphone industry?
>> The the historical performance of Apple
has been fast follower. They weren't the
first one with a smartphone. They were
the best. Um it isn't clear that they'll
be the best in artificial intelligence,
but they are making steps. Uh they
clearly fumbled the football. Uh but
they're trying to address that. They
talked about ramping that investment
spend as it relates to artificial
intelligence. We now have a timeline, a
new timeline for revamped Siri, enhanced
by artificial intelligence next year.
And surprisingly, they open the door to
potentially a large-scale acquisition to
advance their efforts in AI. They hinted
at that on the earnings call, which
historically is not really something in
their playbook. So, they're trying to
address AI uh to hopefully improve their
situation over the next 12 to 18 months.
Before we let you go, Tom, if you put it
all together, do you still see the US as
being dominant when it comes to the
forward look of artificial intelligence
and how quickly it's adapting into the
economy or do you see especially with uh
some of these deals that are going into
effect between the US and China and
internationally other pockets of uh of
advancement particularly in China that
seem to be superseding what's going on
in the US?
>> Yeah. So I definitely think when you
look at step back for a minute, you look
at open AI versus Deep Seek and things
of that nature. Uh it's certainly a very
significant uh AI competition between
the US and China. Uh it isn't clear
today who will ultimately emerge as the
winner. The good news for the US is we
have a lot of large multinational firms
that are very tech proficient. Apple,
Google, Meta, Amazon. So I think that
bodess well for the US in this long-term
AI battle between the US and China.
>> Tom Forte of Maxim Group, thank you so
much for being with us as we try to
understand the myriad story lines that
seem to be filtering into the big tech
story. The latest coming this morning
with an investigation into Intel. I want
to go back though to what Mandep Singh
said when we started the conversation
and he said if you want to bring
manufacturing back to the United States,
you need Intel given that it has the
foundry and it takes a very long time to
build these. takes an incredibly long
time, which is what what we saw as well
under the Biden administration with the
chips and science act realizing how long
it takes for even just some grants and
incentives coming out of Washington to
actually get to shovels in the ground.
That is why there has to be things like
exemptions and that's why the market is
seeing through this shock and awe 100%
tariff rate the president announced
yesterday for semiconductors because if
you are investing at all in the United
States, you're not going to have to pay
that. Apple shares in the pre-market uh
up about 3% after yesterday's 5% gain as
people look forward to those exemptions
that Amarie was just talking about.
Across the board, you are seeing
strength. Coming up, we're going to be
speaking about US jobless claims that
will be coming out in about 5 minutes
time. Elena Shalyate of at the
conference board will be joining us as
well as Sema Shaw of Principal Asset
Management because really this is going
to be the key data point heading into
the weekend after ISM's stagflationary
type of tone. Do we see that kind of
weakness coming with the wrong kind of
upside surprise in jobless claims?
That's next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
25 seconds until we get jobless claims.
The key data point of the day as we look
to see whether we do get confirmation of
the unexpected weakness in last week's
jobs report. Right now we do see markets
rising, futures higher, although off
earlier highs and notable the Russell
2000 now up by just about 9/10en of a
percent. You could see in the bond space
a little bit of yields rising as people
look to a potential inflationary
pressure right now. Let's head over to
Michael McKe with those jobless claims
numbers. The expectation is for 222,000.
Uh Mike, what are we looking at?
>> 226,000. So very close at this point. It
doesn't suggest any kind of massive
layoffs are underway. There's been a big
question about what's happening in the
labor market and obviously a lot of Fed
officials made nervous by the low job
creation last week, but so far we're not
seeing the converse of that. Companies
laying off anyone yet. Continuing claims
rise to 1,974,000
from 1,936,000.
and last week's uh initial jobless
claims headline number revised up by a
th00and to 219. So very uh much stable
in that area. The other numbers out this
morning, non-farm productivity rises
2.4% that is more than the 2%
anticipated and it is uh after a 1.8%
decline in the first quarter numbers.
The 2.4% 4% is a second quarter number
and it comes in uh after the first
decline we had seen in non-farm
productivity in some time. Uh the issue
here is important because uh there have
been people uh suggesting there's an
argument being made that the economy can
withstand a little bit higher inflation
because AI is pushing productivity up
and that may be the case. We don't know
exactly why it went up but it did go up
uh significantly for the second quarter.
unit labor costs restrained uh 1.6%
after rising 6.9%
in the first quarter. So overall a
fairly good news portrait of the economy
this morning.
>> Michael McKe, uh thank you so much. Stay
close. We will get back to you. Right
now seeing not a lot of movement in
markets on the margins, yields lower
just by a couple basis points,
particularly at the long end as people
look to continuing claims. Just to give
some size and scope, the continuing
claims number came in at the highest
level going back to November of 2021.
A significantly uh a significant bump up
with a question of this low churn
dynamic. People low hiring, low firing,
but if you find yourself out of work, it
is taking a lot longer to get back into
the workforce. Joining us now is Elena
Shietiva of the Conference Board.
Yolena, just on that point, how much is
this indicating some sort of weakness,
the idea that it is so difficult for
people or more difficult, I should say,
for people out of the workforce to find
their way back in?
>> Look, uh the um the data this morning uh
actually shows the same uh kind of thing
that it's been showing over the next
over the last several months. uh the
insured unemployment rate uh remained at
around 1.3%
and uh you know it that's way it's been
over the last several months. So we have
seen a little bit of a pickup from the
trough but uh the idea is that you know
there's not been that much upward
movement in the unemployment rate
despite the fact that uh the uh pace of
uh job creation has slowed and that's
the point that chair Powell made. Kate
Morbage is talking about the fact that
is the labor market frozen or actually
deteriorating? What do you think?
>> I think it's frozen. So, a couple of
things to mention. So, if you look at uh
the data from the employment report uh
last week, you'll see that uh the
increase in the unemployment rate since
its trough uh back in 2023 has mainly
been driven by uh people's inability to
find a job. So kind of long-term uh
unemployment and not by uh new layoffs.
So that's point number one. Another
thing is that uh we this morning we saw
a release of of CEO confidence report
for uh the third quarter of this year.
Uh that is in conjunction with the
business council and uh the conference
board. So uh you know CEOs are feeling a
little bit more optimistic. So
confidence among uh seauite u you know
actually increased in the third quarter
after collapsing in the uh second
quarter. Uh but CEOs are still citing
difficulty uh finding qualified workers.
What it means is that uh they will
probably not be laying off people unless
it's absolutely necessary. So that's
what we hear from them. Uh one thing is
that you know uh CEOs mentioned that uh
it they may be uh reducing the labor
force and that u you know share of those
CEOs exceeded the uh share of CEOs that
were expecting an increase in the labor
force but still the majority of uh uh
CEOs are expecting no change in the
labor force. you know, it's still fresh
in their memory after the COVID
recession that when they laid off a lot
of workers, they had a huge difficulty
uh hiring them back. And while it's the
circumstances are different now, you
still have a reduction in the overall
availability of labor uh among uh
immigration slowdown. So that is uh
creating, you know, an issue for those
CEOs.
>> Well, CEOs are looking to lay off
people. when it comes to circumstances,
is it because they're dealing with
higher tariff rates and they need to
make sure that they are basically
hoarding some more cash or is it because
what's going on in AI?
>> Well, at some point you have to cut
costs, right? So, labor is the most
expensive uh thing, you know, the
highest cost uh uh for a company. So
when it you know when your um profit
margins shrink and you just uh faced
with the fact that you have to cut costs
that's where you go and look but uh I
don't think that is actually uh uh going
to happen in the next few months or so
look at unit labor costs right so they
are decelerating growth in unit labor
cost the data another data released this
morning uh you see some deceleration uh
in that metric and that uh tells tells
you that labor is getting well at least
not not more expensive uh in that sense.
>> Elena, one thing that we kept hearing
this week including from Steven O of
Federated Hermes was that a lot of the
hard data is backward-looking and that
actually a lot of companies have more
confidence now. They have more
certainty. The uncertainty was
paralyzing. now that has lifted just a
touch and you can see a better path
forward that actually you are seeing
confidence start to pick back up and
that maybe uh things are are turning in
the other direction. Do you see any
signs of that from where you sit that
that's actually what's going on?
>> Yes, we do talk to a lot of CEOs at the
conference board and again the latest uh
report on CEO confidence is uh actually
telling you just that. So it collapsed
confidence collapsed in the second
quarter of the year but it recovered
substantially in Q3 and that report
covers uh the period of uh the second
half of July essentially. So when uh we
were getting a little bit more uh
certain about uh the uh level and the
ultimate size of tariffs. So now we we
will be uh pricing out uh some
uncertainty but uh also we need to price
in the the u size of tariffs themselves
and the impact of tariffs on the
economy. uh we we estimate that the uh
impact uh from tariffs on economic
growth will will be substantial but at
the same time you know uncertainty
impact uh was also very very sizable and
and uh that's not going to be uh in the
cards anymore at least not to the same
extent so I think there is a potential
for some revival even in you know in uh
the pace of uh payrolls going forward so
you know uh maybe the the Latest data
reflects uh some of this uncertainty
that we had uh early in the year and
companies can kind of start planning
ahead with a little bit more um you know
precision
>> and we certainly have seen that in the
confidence data just a touch higher as
people take a look at what the landscape
is right now. Yolina Shietiva of the
conference board, thank you so much for
being with us. Michael McKe is back with
us. Mike, you've been scouring through
the data. What stands out? Well, I think
uh the markets are looking at kind of
the same thing. I'm seeing the 10-year
yield on the screen there absolutely
diving. And it's basically that uh we
are not seeing the economy collapse
because companies aren't letting people
go. But the real question is now that
they know what the tariffs are and the
tariffs are in place and they start
figuring out what it's going to mean to
their bottom line, do we see that
change? And that's the part where the
Fed is watching uh very closely and kind
of holding their breath. But on the
other side, we do have these good
productivity numbers. Manufacturing
productivity was up by 2.1%. Uh durable
goods uh manufacturing 3.3%. So some
strength in manufacturing productivity,
which is uh a good thing for overall
growth, but it does maybe mean that
companies don't need as many people. So
we'll see how all of this plays out
going forward. Yeah, Mike McKe, thank
you so much as always as people try to
understand exactly where we are in the
economic cycle. Joining us now, Sema
Sha, Principal Asset Management and
Sema, thank you so much for being with
us. You put this all together and I
guess what do you get? I mean, now that
we have tariffs, we have more certainty.
We are seeing kind of a pivot point. Uh,
at least that's what some people are
saying in the labor market in the US.
How much are you shifting your view
heading into fall?
Hi Lisa, I think there has to be some
reappraisal after the payrolls report
last week. Um I don't want to put too
much emphasis on it at the same time. So
clearly the the payroll report was very
disappointing. Those downward revisions
very meaningful. But at the same time we
have been warning we and and I think the
rest of the market that the break even
employment report was likely to fall uh
coming down to the kind of 70,000 level
which is kind of where we got to for for
last month's payroll. So we need to keep
that in mind. Um, at the same time as
knowing that from a political side, I
think it's going to be very very
difficult for the Fed to avoid cutting
rates. We've obvious seen so many Fed
speakers in the last few days falling
onto that side um with with Waller. So,
we are expecting a cut in rate in
September now. But, I have to say I
don't think there's going to be much
need for really aggressive rate cuts
because we still have a constructive
view of the economy. We still actually
have some concerns about inflation. So I
think from a from a market perspective,
this is fairly constructive in a way
that you're getting preemptive Fed cuts
uh without a really really concerning
deterioration in the economy on the way.
But of course, I think there's still a
ton of uncertainty within the market to
come.
>> Sema, is September for you a one and
done or is it sort of a cycle?
>> No, I don't think it's a one and done. I
think it's it's uh I think we should see
a couple of rate cuts. Um in terms of
the timing, a lot of is going to depend
on how the CPI reports perform as well.
of course the the employment reports but
we are expecting three to four cuts uh
that is not that meaningful uh but it's
also very very helpful for financial
conditions in an environment where the
economy is still it's slowing but it's
still fairly robust so I think for risk
assets for earnings growth this is
actually one of the reasons why you see
the markets actually uh react pretty
well this week to the news that we had
on Friday last week
>> you mentioned a number of Fed voices now
coming up lining up with the two
descents we saw in terms of talking
about the cracks in the labor market.
But what if we get hot CPI reports,
especially since the tariffs as of
today, the higher rates actually take
effect,
>> right? And I think this is one been one
of our points is that from our
perspective, should the Fed be cutting
September? I would actually say that
they should be holding off. But I think
from a political aspect, having seen
those kind of payroll reports, the
pressure that is is being put on them um
from from the White House, it's going to
be very difficult for them to avoid it.
Now, in terms of how they proceed from
there and how many rate cuts are going
to be coming, that's where the CPI
inflation reports can really have an
impact. But I do think that the Fed is
in a horrible position where they have
to react to the employment reports
knowing that there's some really
conflicting signals from a labor supply
perspective, labor demand, and then of
course, although tariff uncertainty has
been somewhat cleared up, we can just
see from the news flow overnight that
nothing is really confirmed. So there's
still so much news flow to come which
could have a really meaningful impact on
the inflation agenda and of course on
the on the economic uh growth backdrop.
>> Sema is the economic resilience isolated
to the United States or is that a global
story and really supports the sort of
global investment picture that's in a
lot of investors international over the
past six months.
>> I think there is an element of economic
resilience uh across a broad number of
countries. I would say that the US is
very well set up simply because of its
strength in technology. So when you're
looking at an earnings picture, the US
does look pretty strong. But even if
we're looking across to Europe to the
UK, we don't have really significant
concerns about recession, but we can see
uh that the tariffs are likely to put a
more meaningful downward impact there.
Uh and so from a central bank
perspective, maybe the the agenda is a
little bit clearer than what you're
seeing from the Fed.
>> Sasha, Principal Asset Management, thank
you so much for being with us this
morning. Right now, let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere. Here is
your bloomer brief with the Anna and
Jihara.
>> Hi, Lisa. President Trump is calling for
major changes to the US census, posting
it should exclude undocumented migrants.
Trump instructed the Department of
Commerce to begin work on it
immediately. The US Constitution
mandates a census every 10 years to
allocate federal funding and political
representation. This comes amid a
redistricting battle across the country
that started in Texas. Meanwhile,
President Trump will sign an executive
order today to allow private equity,
real estate, crypto, and other
alternative assets in 401ks. The White
House confirming the order will direct
the Labor Department to re-evaluate
guidance around alternative asset
investments and retirement plans. And
Firefly Aerospace priced its shares at
$45. That's above the marketed range. It
marks the next evolution for a company
that survived bankruptcy and turmoil to
develop its own fleet of rockets and
successfully land a private spacecraft
on the move. Firefly will make its debut
on the NASDAQ today under the ticker
symbol Fly. That's your Bloomberg brief.
Lisa, thank you so much. Up next,
setting you up for the day ahead. Plus,
Tom Orlike of Bloomberg Economics and
why getting lower rates may take more
than appointing a new Fed chair.
[Music]
If you're trying to come up with a view
on the economy or a view on where things
are going to go, you need a variety of
data points that all kind of a mosaic
essentially that gets you to a
conclusion. And so, yeah, maybe in this
environment, we need to look at a few
more alternative data points to try to
enforce uh what we're looking at. But I
think also what we do need to be
prepared for is more volatility in the
data. That uh black box is getting a
little bit darker as we look forward
into a very cloudy future. That was
Kelsey Barrow of JP Morgan Asset
Management. And a cloudy future looks
bright if you're in the if you're in the
market. It's got futures higher on the
day uh going into the open up 610 of
percent led by big tech and we have seen
that for the past week as you do see
some sort of reprieve or at least
perceived reprieve when it comes to the
potential semiconductor tariffs. We do
see a little bit of dollar weakness. Uh
although today uh changing that a little
bit on the margins. Euro dollar 116 uh
just basically flat. yields just
basically flat also after the jobless
claims less than an hour away from the
cash open. Here's your morning movers
with Danny Ber. Danny, hey Lisa, your
future might not be so bright if you are
some of the CEOs feeling the tension.
But here is where the future does look
bright is for Herz holding this morning.
Shares are up 10 12%. Out with earnings
moments ago the loss was less than
expected. This is a company that is
really trying to engineer a turnaround
in this moment. So a lower loss than
expected is good. the CEO saying that
they are cutting costs, have a smarter
fleet. Bill Aman probably happy about
this. He took a 20% stake uh back in
April. Now, a lot of various things when
it comes to tech companies this morning.
And if you're Apple and some of the chip
suppliers to them, you are doing well.
Apple announcing an $und00 billion
investment into the US alongside
President Trump. Anyone who invests in
the US, Trump says, will get an
exemption on the 100% chips tariff.
Apple also trying to manufacture more of
its parts in the US. producing Corning
for example who makes the glass for
iPhones that rally and global foundaries
a US-based chip business that also
rallying. Uh notably absent from the
chipmakers rallying this morning is
Intel. It is hurting after Trump posting
on Truth Social that its CEO should
resign. Don't have shares of those at
the moment, but I can promise you
they're falling something like 5% this
morning. Uh Tom Cot in the center over
there saying uh writing to the board
saying that they should look in to the
CEO's ties. Lisa,
>> thank you so much Danny. Right now,
counting you down to the opening bell.
Here's a trading diary for the rest of
the week and into next 10 a.m. Eastern.
Atlanta Fed President Raphael Bostic
speaking. 100 p.m. the Treasury
auctioning $25 billion in 30-year bonds.
4 p.m. we hear from President Trump
delivering remarks. Next Tuesday, this
is really going to be the big data
point. CPI data. Thursday, PPI and
another round of jobless claims.
President Trump continuing his push for
lower interest rates, blaming Fed Chair
J. Powell for getting in the way. But a
new book raises questions about how easy
it'll be to get lower long-term
borrowing costs regardless of who's at
the Fed. Tom Orlick of Bloomberg E
economics, one of the authors of the
price of money, joins us now. Tom, thank
you so much for being with us. Why is it
that you think there is a new structural
regime for benchmark rates that's going
to make it a lot more difficult to get
them lower over the next 10, 20 years?
So, it's a great question, Lisa. Um, uh,
so let's cast our minds back briefly,
uh, to the early 2000s to Ben Bernani,
uh, and to the famous savings glut
hypothesis. So, back then, the Fed was
hiking, but long-term Treasury rates
weren't going up. and Bernani said it's
because there's a glut of global saving.
All of this money coming from China and
Saudi into the US Treasury market. And
that means even as the Fed hikes,
long-term rates are staying low. Um so
the big thesis uh which Bloomberg
economics uh my co-authors uh Jamie Rush
Stephanie Fllanders and me set out in
this new book the price of money um is
that that situation has reversed and
we're no longer in a world with a
savings glut. We're in a world with a
savings shortage. Um and that means it
doesn't matter who President Trump
appoints as the next Fed chair. He can
appoint Kevin Hasset. He can appoint
Kevin Walsh. He can train an AI model to
make the same decisions as Arthur Burns,
uh, the notorious Fed chair who cut
rates for Nixon back in the 1970s. Um,
and he can get a shorter long short-term
policy rate, but that savings shortage
is going to mean that long-term rates,
the 10-year Treasury yield stays high.
Um, we think 10 point 4.5% for the
10-year Treasury uh is the is the new
normal.
>> Yes. something also the administration
would not welcome because also I see you
say it might actually trend above that
figure. What does this look like in
terms of a transition for 4.5% a 10-year
yield being the new normal?
>> So, uh it's a great question an Marie.
Um so this book's about the natural rate
of interest. Uh it's a bit of a wonky
concept. Um it fires the imagination of
PhDs and the folks in the Fed. Um can
leave others cold. Um, but it's actually
pretty important, right? Um, if you're
the US Treasury, well, 10 years ago, you
were borrowing at the 10-year horizon
um, with a 2.5%
uh, rate. That was very sustainable.
Now, you're borrowing at a 4 12% rate.
Well, that puts us into a world where
the US is going to be spending more on
interest than it does on defense. Um, if
you're in the equity market or the real
estate market, if you put money to work
in stocks and real estate in the US
pretty much any time over the last four
decades, you've made a lot of money. And
an important reason for that has been
that interest rates have been low. Um,
well, if we're right, we're now moving
into a world where interest rates are
going to be structurally higher. Um, and
that means the pressure on stocks, the
pressure on property isn't going to be
for prices to rise. is going to be for
prices to plateau or maybe even fall.
>> Tom Morlech of Bloomberg Economics,
thank you so much and looking forward to
reading your book, The Price of Money,
uh which does come out today. Honestly,
this is going to be the theme going
forward and frankly a big discussion in
Jackson Hole. Are we looking at a new
much higher neutral rate that really
does challenge some of the pricing that
we experience on assets?
>> Well, according to Tom and the team, we
are. And that's the new normal for a
very long time. And what's interesting
is he says it doesn't matter who the Fed
chair is. Even if it's someone so
overtly political or someone who on the
surface doesn't look political but
behind the scenes like Nixon and Burns
actually is very political. It doesn't
matter because this is the trajectory we
are going into.
>> Yeah. Or potentially it could exacerbate
it like we saw during the Arthur Burns
Federal Reserve coming up tomorrow. I
will not be here. We've got Emory
holding down the fort. Lori Cavesina of
RBC joining Neil Duta of Renmax. Sevita
Supermanian of Bank of America and Colin
Martin of Charles Schwab. As we look
forward to CPI next week, a real
question about whether you're going to
see that ongoing grind of maybe slightly
weaker growth, slightly higher
inflation, and how much that does
dovetail into Fed policy. right now.
Still a real positive tone across the
board in markets as people look forward
to earnings that have been better than
good as well as the expected Fed rate
cut that uh people are pricing in for
September. Right now, we are seeing just
a touch of a sell-off in the bond space,
but in the long year long end, 30-year
yields just a touch lower ahead of that
auction later today. Good morning,
[Music]